 UNK left less and less of a vase in a plain dark color ; ; 
 instead they divided the surface into many bands or covered it by UNK patterns into which UNK drawing began to creep . 
 UNK lines , UNK patterns , UNK of indefinitely UNK nature , birds either singly or in UNK rows , animals in solemn frieze bands ( see UNK 11 - 12 ) -- all these turned up in the more developed fabrics as preliminary signs that the potters were broadening their gaze . 
 The rows of animals and birds , in particular , suggest awareness of Oriental animal UNK , transmitted perhaps via UNK silver UNK and textiles , but the specific forms of these rows on local vases and metal products are nonetheless Greek . 
 Though the spread of this type of decoration in the Aegean has not yet been precisely determined , it seems to appear first in the UNK , which were among the leading UNK of pottery throughout the century . 
 As the material at the command of the potters grew and the volume of their production increased , the local variations within a common style became more evident . 
 UNK 12 illustrates four examples , which are Ripe or Late Geometric work of common spirit but of different schools . 
 Cook had discovered a beef in his possession a few days earlier and , when he could not show the hide , arrested him . 
 Thinking the evidence insufficient to get a conviction , he later released him . 
 Even while suffering the trip to his home , Cook swore to Moore and Lane that he would kill the Indian . 
 Three weeks later , following his recovery , armed with a writ issued by the Catskill justice on UNK prepared by the district attorney , Cook and Russell rode to arrest UNK . 
 UNK at UNK , they found UNK in his corral and demanded that he surrender . 
 Instead , he whirled and ran to his house for a gun , forcing them to kill him , Cook reported . 
 Both UNK and Russell's lives were threatened by the Mexicans following the killing , but the company officers felt that in the end , it would serve to quiet them despite their immediate emotion . 
 General manager Pels even suggested that it might be wise to keep the Mexicans in suspense rather than accept their offers to sell out and move away , and try to have a few punished . 
 On February 17 , Russell and Cook were sent to the UNK UNK community on the Vermejo to see about renting out UNK the company had purchased . 
 While talking with Julian M. UNK , Francisco UNK and Juan Marcus appeared , both heavily armed , and after watching the house for a while , rode away . 
 It was nearly sundown before they finished the business with UNK and began riding down the stream . 
 They had traveled only a short distance when they spotted five Mexicans riding along a UNK across the stream just ahead of them . 
 UNK an ambush , the two deputies decided to ride up a side canyon taking a short cut into Catskill . 
 After spending two nights ( Wednesday and Thursday ) in Catskill , the deputies again headed for the Vermejo to finish their business . 
 They stayed with a rancher Friday night and by eleven o'clock Saturday morning passed the old UNK Lee ranch . 
 Half a mile below at the mouth of UNK Canyon was an old ranch that the company had purchased from A. J. Armstrong , occupied by a Mexican , his wife , and an old UNK . 
 There were three houses in UNK Canyon just at the foot of a low bluff , the road winding along the top , entering above , and then passing down in front of the houses , thence to the Vermejo . 
 To the west of this road was another low bluff , forty or fifty feet high , covered with scrub oak and other brush . 
 As they were riding along this winding road on the bench of land between the two bluffs , a volley of rifle fire suddenly crashed around the two officers . 
 Not a bullet touched Cook who was nearer the ambush , but one hit Russell in the leg and another broke his arm , passing on through his body . 
 With the first reports , Russell's horse wheeled to the right and ran towards the buildings while Cook , followed by a hail of bullets , raced towards the UNK of UNK Canyon immediately in front of him , just reaching it as his horse fell . 
 UNK his Winchester from its sheath , Cook prepared to fight from behind the UNK bank . 
 UNK were so thick , throwing sand in his face , that he found it difficult to return the fire . 
 UNK Russell's horse in front of the long log building , he assumed his friend had slipped inside and would be able to put up a good fight , so he began working his way down the ditch to join him . 
 At a very shallow place , two Mexicans rushed into the open for a shot . 
 UNK to one knee , Cook UNK one , and the other struggled off with his comrade , sending no further fire in his direction . 
 Just before leaving the UNK where he was partially concealed , he did hear shots down at the house . 
 Russell had reached the house as Cook UNK , dismounted , but just as the old UNK opened the door to receive him , he fell into the UNK arms -- dead . 
 A bullet fired by one of the Mexicans hiding in a little chicken house had passed through his head , tearing a hole UNK square on the outgoing side . 
 Finding him dead , Cook caught Russell's horse and rode to the cattle UNK house to report the incident and request UNK to trail the UNK . 
 Before daylight Sunday morning , a posse of twenty-three men under the leadership of Deputy Sheriff Frank UNK of Catskill followed the trail to the house of Francisco UNK , where 100 to 150 Mexicans had gathered . 
 UNK boldly approached the fortified UNK house and demanded entrance . 
 The men inside informed him that they had some wounded men among them but he would not be allowed to see them even though he offered medical aid . 
 The officer demanded the names of the injured men ; ; 
 the Mexicans not only refused to give them , but told the UNK if they wanted a fight they could have it . 
 Since the strength of the Mexicans had been UNK , too small a posse had been collected , and since the deputy had not been provided with search warrants , UNK and his men decided it was much wiser to withdraw . 
 The UNK retreat encouraged the Mexicans to be UNK and UNK . 
 During the following week , six tons of hay belonging to one rancher were burned ; ; 
 some buildings , farm tools , two horses , UNK , and hay owned by UNK UNK , a friendly interpreter for the company , and UNK UNK hay were stolen or destroyed ; ; 
 and a store was broken into and robbed . 
 District Attorney M. W. Mills warned that he would vigorously UNK persons caught committing these crimes or carrying arms -- he just didn't catch anyone . 
 UNK threats on his life finally convinced Cook that he should leave New Mexico . 
 His friends advised that it would be only a question of time until either the Mexicans killed him by UNK or he would be compelled to kill them in UNK , perpetuating the troubles . 
 By early summer , he wrote from UNK that he was suffering from the wound inflicted in the ambush and was in a bad way financially , so Pels sent him a draft for $100 , warning that it was still not wise for him to return . 
 Pels also sent a check for $100 to Russell's widow and had a white marble monument erected on his grave . 
 Cattle stealing and killing , again serious during the spring of 1891 , placed the land grant company officers in a UNK position . 
 They were reluctant to appoint UNK to protect the property , thus running the risk of creating UNK such as that on the Vermejo , and yet the cowboys protested that they got no salary for arresting cattle thieves and running the risk of being shot . 
 And the law virtually ignored the situation . 
 The judge became ill just as the UNK District Court UNK , no substitute was brought in , no criminal cases heard , only 5 out of UNK cases UNK were tried , and court UNK sine die after sitting a few days instead of the usual three weeks . 
 Pels complained : `` UNK and witnesses were put to the expense and UNK of going long distances to UNK business ; ; 
 public money spent ; ; 
 justice delayed ; ; 
 nothing accomplished , and the whole distribution of justice in this county seems to be an absolute UNK '' . 
 Word reached the company that the man behind these UNK was Manuel Gonzales , a man with many followers , including a number who were kept in line through fear of him . 
 Although wanted by the sheriff for killing an old man named UNK Jones , the warrant for his arrest had never been served . 
 On May 19 , a deputy sheriff's posse of eight men left Maxwell City and rode thirty-five miles up the Vermejo where they were joined by Juan UNK UNK . 
 By UNK A.M. they reached his house and found it vacant . 
 When they were refused entrance to his brother's house nearby , they smashed down the door , broke the window , and threw lighted clothes wet with kerosene into the room . 
 Still there was no Gonzales and the family would say nothing . 
 About 300 yards up the creek was a cluster of Mexican houses containing six rooms in the form of a square . 
 While UNK around these buildings , two of the posse recognized the voice of Gonzales speaking to the people inside . 
 He was promised that no harm would UNK him if he would come out , but he cursed and replied that he would shoot any man coming near the door . 
 The posse then asked that he send out the women and children as the building would be fired or torn down over his head if necessary to take him dead or alive . 
 Again he refused . 
 In deadly earnest , the UNK methodically stripped away portions of the roof and tossed lighted rags inside , only to have most stamped out by the women as soon as they hit the floor . 
 When it became obvious that he could stay inside no longer , taking a thousand to one chance Gonzales rushed outside , square against the muzzle of a Winchester . 
 Shot near the heart , he turned to one side and plunged for a door to another room several feet away , three bullets following him . 
 As he pushed open the door he fell on his face , one of his comrades pulling him inside . 
 Not realizing the seriousness of the wound , the UNK warned that if he did not surrender the house would be burned down around him . 
 UNK no answer , they set the fire . 
 When the house was about half consumed , his comrade ran to the door and threw up his hands , declaring repeatedly that he did not know the whereabouts of Manuel . 
 Finding it true that he was not inside , the deputies returned to the first house and tore holes through the side and the roof until they could see a body on the bed covered by a blanket . 
 Several slugs fired into the bed jerked aside the blanket to reveal an apparently UNK hand . 
 Shot six or eight times the body was draped with Russell's pistol , belt , and cartridges . 
 There was no extra horse so it was left to his comrades who , though numbering in the fifties , had stood around on the hillside nearby without firing a shot during the entire attack . 
 Early the next morning , a Mexican telephoned Pels that UNK UNK , one of the posse members , was surrounded by ten Mexicans at his father's home on the upper Vermejo . 
 The sheriff and District Attorney Mills hastily swore out a number of warrants against men who had been riding about armed , according to signed statements by UNK and Dr. I. P. George , and ordered Deputy Barney Clark of UNK to rescue the UNK . 
 UNK all night , Clark and twelve men arrived at about seven o'clock May 22 . 
 Occasionally they heard UNK signals and a number of UNK were sighted on the hills , disappearing at the UNK approach . 
 A Mexican justice of the peace had issue a writ against UNK for taking part in the `` murder '' of Manuel Gonzales so he and his father were anxious to be taken out of danger . 
 The men helped them gather their belongings and escorted them to UNK along with three other families desiring to leave . 
 The ten or more dangerous parties singled out for prosecution were still at large , and Pels realized that if these men entrenched themselves in their UNK houses , defending themselves through UNK , it would be most difficult to capture them . 
 Thus he wired J. P. Lower and Sons of Denver : `` Have you any UNK hand grenades for throwing in a house or across a well loaded with balls or UNK shot ? ? 
 If not , how long to order and what is the price '' ? ? 
 He wisely decided that it would be foolish to create a disturbance during the coming UNK , particularly since the Mexicans were on their guard . 
 His problem then became one of restraining the American fighters who wanted to clean out the Vermejo by force immediately . 
 The plant was located west of the Battenkill and south of the location of the former electric light plant . 
 The Manchester Depot UNK Company issued UNK shares of stock at $10 each for construction of a sewer in that locality , and assessments were made for its maintenance . 
 It has given considerable trouble at times and UNK right into the Battenkill . 
 Fire District No. 1 discussed its possible purchase in 1945 , but considered it an UNK investment . 
 The sewer on UNK Street was constructed when there were only a few houses on the street . 
 As new homes were built they were connected so that all UNK south of School Street are served by it . 
 B. J. UNK is the present treasurer and manager . 
 The 1946 town meeting voted to have the UNK appoint a committee to investigate and report on the UNK of some system of sewage disposal and a disposal plant to serve Manchester Center , Depot , and UNK Lane . 
 The committee submitted a report signed by Louis Martin and Leon Wiley with a map published in the 1946 town report . 
 The layout of the sewer lines was designed by Henry W. Taylor , who was the engineer for the Manchester Village disposal plant . 
 No figures were submitted with the report and no action was taken on it by the town . 
 The 1958 town meeting directed town authorities to seek federal and state funds with which to conduct a preliminary survey of a proposed sewage plant with its attendant facilities . 
 The final step was a vote for a UNK bond issue for the construction of a sewage system by the 1959 town meeting , later confirmed by a two-thirds vote at a special town meeting June 21 , 1960 . 
 There the matter stands with the prospect that soon Manchester may be removed from the UNK of towns contributing raw sewage to its main streams . 
 Telephone and telegraph 
 UNK unusual interest in UNK has often been attributed to the fact that the Rev. J. D. UNK , UNK of Burr and Burton Seminary , was a personal friend and correspondent of the inventor , Samuel F. B. Morse . 
 At any rate , Manchester did not UNK far behind the first commercial system which was set up in 1844 between Baltimore and Washington . 
 In UNK Matthew B. UNK , UNK and UNK , became the town's first UNK in a dwelling he built for himself and his business `` two doors north of the UNK House '' or `` one door north of the Bank , Manchester , Vermont '' . 
 UNK was UNK for the `` American Telegraph Company '' and the `` UNK and Canada UNK Telegraph Company '' . 
 UNK of capital stock at $15 each in the latter company were UNK at the Bank of Manchester or at various other Vermont banks . 
 A message of less than fifteen words to Bennington cost twenty-five cents . 
 By UNK L. C. Orvis , manager of the `` Western Union Telegraph Company '' , expressed willingness to send emergency UNK on Sundays from his Village drugstore . 
 Orvis even needed to hire an assistant , Clark J. Wait . 
 The Manchester Journal commented UNK on the surprising amount of local UNK business . 
 In the fall of UNK , the `` UNK Telegraph Line '' was established between Manchester and Factory Point by the owners , Paul W. Orvis , Henry Gray , J. N. UNK , and Clark J. Wait . 
 The line soon lived up to its name , as local messages of moderate length could be sent for a dime and the company was quickly able to declare very liberal dividends on its capital stock . 
 In UNK the same Clark Wait , with H. H. UNK of South Dorset , formed the `` American Telegraph Line '' , extending from Manchester Depot via Factory Point and South Dorset to Dorset . 
 Besides being most convenient , the line `` soon proved a good investment for the owners '' . 
 UNK at the Depot at this time were Aaron C. Burr and Mark Manley of `` Burr and Manley '' , dealers in lumber and dry goods . 
 Early equipment was very UNK ; ; 
 the smallest UNK of wind UNK poles , making communications impossible . 
 But companies continued to spring up . 
 By 1883 the `` Battenkill Telegraph Company '' was in existence and Alvin UNK was its president . 
 Operating in 1887 was the `` Valley Telegraph Line '' , officers of which were E. C. Orvis , president ; ; 
 H. K. UNK , vice-president and secretary ; ; 
 J. N. UNK , treasurer ; ; 
 F. H. Walker , superintendent ; ; 
 H. S. Walker , assistant superintendent . 
 Two companies now had headquarters with Clark J. Wait , who by then had his own drugstore at Factory Point -- the `` Northern Union Telegraph Company '' and the `` Western Union '' . 
 UNK were Arthur UNK and Norman Taylor . 
 Still existing on a `` Northern Union '' telegraph form is a typical UNK message from Peru UNK J. J. UNK to Burton and UNK store in Manchester -- `` Get and send by stage four pounds best UNK or UNK stake , for Mrs. UNK send six sweet UNK '' . 
 About 1888 J. E. UNK of Barnumville and E. G. UNK became proprietors of the `` Green Mountain Telegraph Company '' , connecting all offices on the Western Union line and extending over the mountain from Barnumville to Peru , UNK , South UNK , Lowell Lake , UNK , North UNK , Grafton , UNK , UNK River , and Bellows Falls . 
 From 1896 until 1910 John H. Whipple was manager of Western Union at the Center in the drugstore he purchased from Clark Wait . 
 The Village office of Western Union with George UNK as manager and UNK continued in UNK drugstore until 1905 . 
 During the summers , UNK often needed the assistance of a company operator . 
 These were the years when people UNK to Manchester not only to play golf , which had come into vogue , but also to witness the UNK Country Club tournaments . 
 New UNK were kept informed of scores by reporters who UNK fifteen to twenty thousand words daily to the metropolitan newspapers . 
 This UNK local telegraph business and Manchester UNK in all the free advertising . 
 In 1914 when the town was chosen for the U. S. UNK Golf tournament , a representative hurried here from the Boston UNK office . 
 In his wake came the District Traffic UNK and the cream of the UNK profession , ten of UNK best , chosen for their long experience and thorough knowledge of golf . 
 During that tournament alone , some 250,000 words UNK their way out of Manchester . 
 The old Morse system was replaced locally by the UNK modern automatic method in 1929 , when UNK UNK ( UNK ) was manager of the Western Union office . 
 During summers , business was so brisk that Mrs. UNK had two assistants and a messenger . 
 She was succeeded by Clarence UNK . 
 Since that time the telegraph office has shifted in location from the railroad station at the Depot and shops at the Center back to the town clerk's office and drugstore at the Village . 
 After being located for some years in the Village at the UNK UNK under the supervision of Mrs. Harry UNK , it is presently located in the Hill and Dale Shop , Manchester Center . 
 The first known telephone line in Manchester was established in July 1883 between Burr and UNK store at Manchester Depot and the Kent and UNK UNK Company in South Dorset . 
 This was extended the following year to include the railroad station UNK office and UNK Hotel at Factory Point . 
 In November 1887 a line connecting several dwelling houses in Dorset was extended to Manchester Depot . 
 Telephone wires from Louis UNK house in East Manchester to the UNK lumber job near UNK UNK were up about 1895 . 
 UNK L. Taylor of Manchester Depot recorded the setting of phone poles in East Dorset and Barnumville in his UNK for UNK . 
 These must have been for local calls strictly , as in May 1900 the `` only long distance telephone '' in town was transferred from C. B. UNK to UNK shoe store . 
 A small single UNK was installed in the Village over UNK hardware store ( later E. H. UNK ) . 
 George UNK was manager and UNK ; ; 
 Elizabeth Way was the first operator ; ; 
 and a night operator was also employed . 
 Anyone fortunate enough to have one of those early phones advertised the fact along with the telephone number in the Manchester Journal . 
 In UNK the New England Telephone Company began UNK a building to house its operations on the corner of U. S. UNK 7 and what is now Memorial Avenue at Manchester Center . 
 Service running through Barnumville and to Bennington County towns east of the mountains was in the hands of the `` UNK Telephone Company '' in 1925 , but major supervision of telephone lines in Manchester was with the New England Telephone and Telegraph Company , which eventually gained all control . 
 More aerial and underground equipment was installed as well as office improvements to take care of the expanding business . 
 In 1931 Mrs. F. H. UNK , agent and chief operator , who was to retire in 1946 with thirty years' service , led agency offices in sales for the year with UNK . 
 William UNK , who retired in 1938 , was a veteran of thirty-four years' local service . 
 Another veteran telephone operator was Edith UNK UNK , who had been in the office forty years at the time of her death in 1960 . 
 In UNK Dorset received its own exchange , which made business easier for the Manchester office , but it was not until February 1953 that area service was extended to include Manchester and Dorset . 
 This eliminated toll calls between the two towns . 
 Within a month , calls were up seventy per cent . 
 Electric power 
 electricity plays such an important part in community life today that it is difficult to UNK a time when current was not available for daily use . 
 Yet one has to go back only some sixty years . 
 The first mention of an electric plant in Manchester seems to be one installed in UNK UNK and UNK UNK on the West Branch in Factory Point . 
 No records are available as to the date or extent of installation , but it may have been in 1896 . 
 On June 14 , 1900 the Manchester Journal reported that an electrical engineer was installing an electric light plant for Edward S. UNK at `` UNK Hill '' . 
 This was working by the end of August and giving satisfactory service . 
 In November 1900 surveying was done under John Marsden on the east mountains to ascertain if it would be possible to get sufficient water and fall to operate an electric power plant . 
 Nothing came of it , perhaps due to lack of opportunity for water storage . 
 The next step was construction by the Manchester Light and Power Company of a plant on the west bank of the Battenkill south of Union Street bridge . 
 This was nearly completed May 23 , 1901 with a promise of lights by June 10 , but the first light did not go on until September 28 . 
 It was at the end of the sidewalk in front of the UNK Cemetery cottage . 
 The first directors of the Manchester Light and Power Company were John Marsden , M. L. Manley , William F. Orvis , George Smith , and John UNK . 
 The officers were John Marsden , president ; ; 
 John C. UNK , vice-president ; ; 
 George Smith , treasurer ; ; 
 and William F. Orvis , secretary . 
 Marsden was manager of the company for ten years and manager of its successor company , the Colonial Light and Power Company , for one year . 
 At about the time the Marsden enterprise was getting under way , the UNK Light and Lumber Company started construction of a chair stock factory on the site of the present Bennington UNK UNK , UNK to use its surplus power for generating electricity . 
 Manchester then had two competing power companies until UNK , when the Manchester Light and Power Company purchased the transmission system of the UNK Company . 
 This was fortunate , as the UNK plant burned in 1905 . 
 The Colonial Light and Power Company was succeeded by the Vermont UNK Corporation , which in turn was absorbed by the Central Vermont Public Service Corporation . 
 The latter now furnishes the area with electricity distributed from a modern UNK at Manchester Depot which was put into operation February 19 , 1930 and was improved in January 1942 by the installation of larger UNK . 
 For a time following the abandonment of the local plant , electric current for Manchester was brought in from the south with an emergency UNK with the Vermont UNK Company system to the north . 
 Some who have written on Utopia have treated it as `` a learned diversion of a learned world '' , `` a UNK with which More amused himself '' , `` a holiday work , a spontaneous UNK of intellectual high spirits , a UNK of debate , paradox , comedy and invention '' . 
 With respect to this view , two points are worth making . 
 First , it appears to be based on the fact that on its title page Utopia is described as `` UNK '' , `` gay '' . 
 It overlooks the other fact that it is described as `` UNK minus UNK UNK UNK '' , `` no less salutary than gay '' . 
 It also overlooks the fact that in a rational UNK , and quite clearly in More's UNK , the opposite of serious is not gay but frivolous , and the opposite of gay is not serious but solemn . 
 More believed that a man could be both serious and gay . 
 That a writer who is gay cannot be serious is a common professional illusion , UNK fostered by all too many UNK who UNK believe that their frivolous efforts should be taken seriously because they are expressed with that dreary UNK which is the only mode of expression their authors are capable of . 
 Secondly , to find a learned diversion and a pleasing joke in More's account of the stupid UNK of early sixteenth century wars , of the anguish of the poor and UNK , of the insolence and cruelty of the rich and powerful requires a UNK toward suffering and sin that would be surprising in a moral UNK and most surprising in More himself . 
 Indeed , it is even surprising in the UNK of Christ Church and UNK Professor of UNK History , who UNK this most peculiar view , and in the brilliant Professor of UNK and Renaissance English at Cambridge , who inherited it and is now its most eminent UNK . 
 But to return to the main line of our inquiry , it is doubtful that Utopia is still widely read because More was medieval or even because he was a martyr -- indeed , it is likely that these days many who read Utopia with interest do not even know that its author was a martyr . 
 Utopia is still widely read because in a sense More stood on the margin of modernity . 
 And if he did stand on the margins of modernity , it was not in dying a martyr for such unity as UNK supremacy might be able to force on Western UNK . 
 It was not even in writing Latin UNK , sometimes UNK ones , or in UNK Lucian from Greek into Latin or in defending the study of Greek against the attack of conservative UNK , or in attacking the conservative theologians who opposed UNK UNK study of the New Testament . 
 Similar literary exercises were the common doings of a Christian UNK of the first two decades of the sixteenth century . 
 Had More's writings been wholly limited to such exercises , they would be almost as dimly remembered as those of a dozen or so other authors living in his time , whose works UNK survive in the minds of the few hundred scholars who each decade in pursuit of their very specialized occasions read those works . 
 More stands on the margins of modernity for one reason alone -- because he wrote Utopia . 
 And the evidence that he does , indeed , stand there derives quite simply from the vigorous interest with which rather casual readers have responded to that book for the past century or so . 
 Only one other contemporary of More's evokes so immediate and direct a response , and only one other contemporary work -- UNK UNK and The Prince . 
 Can we discover what it is in Utopia that has evoked this response ? ? 
 Remember that in seeking the modern in Utopia we do not deny the existence of the medieval and the Renaissance there ; ; 
 we do not even need to commit ourselves to assessing on the same UNK scale the relative importance of the medieval , the Renaissance , and the modern . 
 The medieval was the most important to UNK because he sought to place Thomas More , the author of Utopia , in some intelligible relation with St. Thomas More , the martyr . 
 To others whose concern it is to penetrate the significance of Christian UNK , the Renaissance elements are of primary concern . 
 But here we have a distinctly modern preoccupation ; ; 
 we want to know why that book has kept on selling the way it has ; ; 
 we want to know what is UNK new about Utopia . 
 What is new about it ? ? 
 To that question the answer is simple ; ; 
 it can be made in two words , Utopian communism . 
 But it is an answer which opens the door wide to an onrush of objections and UNK . 
 Surely there is nothing new about communism . 
 We find it in Plato's Republic , and in Utopia More UNK his debt to that book . 
 We find it in that `` common way of life pleasing to Christ and still in use among the UNK societies of Christians '' , that is , the better UNK which made it easier to convert the UNK to Christianity . 
 We find it in the later UNK conception of man's natural condition which included the community of all possessions . 
 This conception was taken up by the early Church Fathers and by canon lawyers and theologians in the Middle Ages ; ; 
 and More was far too well read not to have come across it in one or several of the forms thus given it . 
 But although the idea of communism is very old even in More's day and did not spring UNK from his imagination in UNK , it is not communism as such that we are concerned with . 
 We are concerned not with the UNK communism nor with other species of the UNK : UNK , UNK , early Christian , monastic , UNK or theological communism ; ; 
 we are concerned with Utopian communism -- that is , simply communism as it appears in the imaginary UNK of Utopia , as More conceived it . 
 Perhaps one way to UNK our sense of the modernity of Utopian communism is to contrast it with the principal earlier types of UNK theory . 
 We will achieve a more vivid sense of what it is by realizing what it is not . 
 In Plato's Republic communism is -- to speak UNK -- a communism of UNK . 
 Its function is to separate from the base ruled mass , among whom private ownership prevails , the governing warrior elite . 
 Moreover , it is too readily forgotten that in the Republic what gave the initial impetus to Plato's UNK into the construction of an imaginary UNK with its UNK communism of goods , wives , and children , was his quest for a canon for the proper ordering of the individual human psyche ; ; 
 and it is to this problem that the Republic ultimately returns . 
 In More's Utopia communism is not a means of separating out a warrior elite from the UNK mass . 
 Utopian communism applies to all UNK . 
 And in the economy of the book it is not peripheral but central . 
 The concern of Utopia is with the UNK UNK UNK , the best ordering of a civil society ; ; 
 and it is again and again made clear that Utopian communism provides the institutional array UNK to that best ordering . 
 To derive Utopian communism from the Jerusalem Christian community of the apostolic age or from its medieval UNK , the monastic communities , is with an appropriate shift of adjectives , misleading in the same way as to derive it from Plato's Republic : in the Republic we have to do with an elite of physical and intellectual athletes , in the apostolic and monastic communities with an elite of spiritual and religious athletes . 
 The apostolic community was literally an elite : chosen by Christ himself . 
 And the monastic communities were supposed to be made up of volunteers selected only after a UNK which would test their religious UNK for monastic rigors , their spiritual UNK . 
 Finally , the conception of the natural community of all possessions which originated with the UNK was firmly fixed in a tradition by More's time , although it was not accepted by all the UNK of the Middle Ages . 
 In that tradition communism lay a safe distance back in the age of innocence before the Fall of Man . 
 It did not serve to contrast the existing order of society with a possible alternative order , because the age of innocence was not a possible alternative once man had sinned . 
 The actual function of UNK communism was adequately set forth by St. Gregory almost a UNK before More wrote Utopia . 
 `` The soil is common to all men . 
 When we give the necessities of life to the poor , we restore to them what is already theirs . 
 We should think of it more as an act of justice than compassion '' . 
 Because community not UNK of property is the law of nature no man can assert an absolutely UNK right to what is his . 
 Indeed , of all that is his every man is by nature and reason and therefore by conscience obligated to regard himself as a UNK . 
 He is a trustee for the common good , however feeble the UNK which the positive or municipal law of property provides against his misuse of that share of the common fund , wisely or UNK , UNK to his keeping . 
 In contrast to this UNK view , Utopia implies that the nature of man is such that to rely on individual conscience to supply the deficiencies of municipal law is to embark on the UNK sea of human UNK in a UNK . 
 The UNK brace conscience with legal sanctions . 
 In a properly ordered society the massive force of public law performs the function which in natural law theory UNK is left altogether to a small voice so often still . 
 In all the respects just indicated Utopian communism differs from previous conceptions in which community of possessions and living plays a role . 
 Neither from one of these conceptions nor from a combination of them can it be deduced . 
 We do not deny originality to the UNK because Aeschylus found the tales of the house of UNK among the folk lore of the Greeks . 
 In a like sense whatever bits or shreds of previous conceptions one may find in it , Utopian communism remains , as an integral whole , original -- a new thing . 
 It is not merely a new thing ; ; 
 it is one of the very few new things in Utopia ; ; 
 most of the rest is medieval or UNK or part of an old tradition of social criticism . 
 But to say that at a moment in history something is new is not necessarily to say that it is modern ; ; 
 and for this statement the best evidence comes within the five years following the publication of Utopia , when Martin Luther UNK a new perception of the nature of the UNK encounter with man . 
 New , indeed , is UNK perception , but not modern , as anyone knows who has ever tried to make intelligible to modern students what Luther was getting at . 
 Although Utopian communism is both new in UNK and also modern , it is not modern communism or even modern socialism , as they exist or have ever existed in theory or in practice . 
 Consider the features of Utopian communism : generous public provision for the UNK ; ; 
 democratic and secret elections of all officers including priests , meals taken publicly in common UNK ; ; 
 a common habit or uniform prescribed for all citizens ; ; 
 even houses changed once a decade ; ; 
 six hours of manual labor a day for all but a handful of UNK and scholars , and careful measures to prevent anyone from UNK ; ; 
 no private property , no money ; ; 
 no sort of pricing at all for any goods or services , and therefore no market in the economic sense of the term . 
 Whatever the merits of its intent , Utopian communism is far too naive , far too crude , to suit any modern socialist or communist . 
 It is not the details of Utopian communism that make Utopia modern , it is the spirit , the attitude of mind that informs those details . 
 What that spirit and attitude were we can best understand if we see more precisely how it contrasts with the communist tradition with the longest continuous history , the one which reached Christianity by the way of UNK through the Church Fathers of Late UNK . 
 During the UNK trial the Democratic press condemned the proceedings and UNK UNK as a martyr to the principles of the Declaration of Independence . 
 During the Brown trial , however , the state's most powerful Democratic newspaper , the Providence Daily Post , stated that Brown was a murderer , a man of blood , and that he and his associates , with the assistance of Republicans and UNK , had plotted not only the liberation of the slaves but also the overthrow of state and federal governments . 
 The Providence Daily Journal answered the Daily Post by stating that the raid of John Brown was characteristic of Democratic acts of violence and that `` He was acting in direct opposition to the Republican Party , who proclaim as one of their cardinal principles that they do not interfere with slavery in the states '' . 
 The two major newspapers in Providence continued , throughout the crisis , to accuse each other of UNK the facts and attempting to UNK history . 
 While the Daily Post continued to accuse Republicans and the Daily Journal continued to accuse Democrats , the Woonsocket UNK complained that the Virginia authorities showed indecent and UNK haste to condemn Brown and his men . 
 UNK UNK stated , `` Of their guilt there can be no doubt but they are entitled to sufficient time to prepare for trial , and a fair trial '' . 
 The Providence Daily Post thought that there were probably good reasons for the haste in which the trial was being conducted and that the only thing gained by a delay would be UNK feelings . 
 The Providence Daily Journal stated that although the guilt of Brown was evident , the South must guarantee him a fair trial to preserve domestic peace . 
 On October 31 , 1859 , John Brown was found guilty of treason against the state of Virginia , UNK slave rebellion , and murder . 
 For these crimes he was sentenced to be hanged in public on Friday , December 2 , 1859 . 
 Upon receiving the news , Northern writers , editors , and clergymen heaped UNK of murder on the Southern states , particularly Virginia . 
 Although Rhode Islanders were preparing for the state elections , they watched John Brown's trial with extreme interest . 
 On Wednesday morning , November 2 , 1859 , the Providence Daily Journal stated that although Brown justly deserved the extreme penalty , no man , however criminal , ought to suffer the penalty without a fair trial . 
 The UNK main criticism of the trial was the haste with which it was conducted . 
 The readers of the Providence Daily Post , however , learned that it was generally conceded that `` Old Brown '' had a fair trial . 
 UNK the sentence the editor asked , `` What else can Virginia do than to hang the men who have defied her laws , organized treason , and UNK her citizens '' . 
 In the eastern section of the state the UNK reaction to Brown's trial and sentence were basically identical . 
 J. UNK Smith , editor of the Warren Telegraph stated that `` the ends of justice must be satisfied , a solitary example must be set , in order that all those UNK UNK , who , UNK by a blind zeal , dare to UNK riot , treason , and murder , may heed it and shape their future course accordingly '' . 
 The editor of the Newport UNK could discover no evidence of UNK circumstances in the Brown trial which would warrant making an exception to the UNK of capital punishment . 
 In direct contrast to the other Rhode Island editors , Samuel S. UNK of the Woonsocket UNK UNK condemned the trial as being completely unfair . 
 UNK the sentence , UNK wrote , `` If it be possible that mercy shall UNK vengeance and that John Brown's sentence shall be UNK to imprisonment , it would be well -- well for the country and for Virginia '' . 
 Despite the excitement being caused by the trial and sentence of John Brown , Rhode Islanders turned their attention to the state elections . 
 The state had elected Republican candidates in the past two years . 
 There was no doubt as to the control the Republican party exercised throughout the state . 
 If it failed on occasion to elect its candidates for general state offices by UNK , the failure was due to a lingering UNK of the UNK party , which called itself the American Republican party . 
 The American Republicans and the Republicans both nominated UNK Turner for governor . 
 UNK R. Potter was the Democratic candidate . 
 The results of the election of 1859 found Republican candidates not only winning the offices of governor and UNK but also obtaining the two Congressional offices from the eastern and western sections of the state . 
 During the month of November hardly a day passed when there was not some mention of John Brown in the Rhode Island newspapers . 
 On November 7 , 1859 , the Providence Daily Journal UNK a letter sent to John Brown from `` E. B. '' , a Quaker lady in Newport . 
 In reference to Brown's raid she wrote , `` though we are UNK and religiously believe it better to reform by moral and not by UNK weapons , we know thee was UNK by the most generous and philanthropic motives '' . 
 `` E. B. '' compared John Brown to Moses in that they were both acting to deliver millions from oppression . 
 In contrast to `` E. B. '' , most Rhode Islanders hardly thought of John Brown as being another Moses . 
 Most attempts to develop any sympathy for Brown and his actions found an UNK audience in Rhode Island . 
 On Wednesday evening , November 23 , 1859 , in Warren , Rev. Mark UNK of New UNK , gave a `` Mission of UNK '' lecture in which he favorably viewed the Harper's Ferry UNK . 
 The Warren Telegraph stated that many of Rev. UNK remarks were inappropriate and UNK strongly of radicalism and fanaticism . 
 In its account of the UNK lecture , the Providence Daily Post said that the remarks of Rev. UNK made the people indignant . 
 No sympathy or admiration for Brown could be found in the Providence Daily Post , for the editor claimed that there were a score of men in the state prison who were a thousand times more UNK of sympathy . 
 The Providence Daily Journal , however , stated that Brown's courage , bravery , and UNK `` in a good cause would make a man a martyr ; ; 
 it gives something of dignity even to a bad one '' . 
 The Woonsocket UNK admitted that John Brown might deserve punishment or imprisonment `` but he should no more be hung than Henry A. UNK or James UNK '' . 
 The Newport UNK exhibited more concern over the possibility of the UNK making a martyr of Brown than it did over the development of sympathy for him . 
 In her letter to John Brown , `` E. B. '' , the UNK from Newport , had suggested that the American people owed more honor to John Brown for seeking to free the slaves than they did to George Washington . 
 During the latter days of November to the day of Brown's execution , it seems that most Rhode Islanders did not concur in `` E. UNK '' suggestion . 
 On November 22 , 1859 , the Providence Daily Journal stated that although Brown's `` UNK '' and honest fanaticism must be admired , any honor paid to Brown would only induce other UNK to imitate his actions . 
 A week later the Daily Journal had discovered the initial plans of some Providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring John Brown on the day of his execution . 
 The editor of the Daily Journal warned , `` that if such a demonstration be made , it will not find support or countenance from any of the men whose names are recognized as having a right to speak for Providence '' . 
 The Providence Daily UNK editor wrote that he could not believe that a meeting honoring Brown was to be held in Providence . 
 He further called upon the people of Providence to UNK the meeting and avoid UNK . 
 On December 2 , 1859 , John Brown was hanged at Charles Town , Virginia . 
 UNK precautions were taken so that no stranger be allowed in the city and no citizen within the enclosure surrounding the scaffold . 
 In many Northern towns and cities meetings were held and church bells were UNK . 
 Such was not the case in Rhode Island . 
 The only public demonstration in honor of John Brown was held at UNK Hall in Providence , on the day of his execution . 
 Despite the opposition of the city newspapers , the Pratt Hall meeting `` brought together a very respectable audience , composed in part of those who had been distinguished for years for their radical views upon the subject of slavery , of many of our colored citizens , and of those who were attracted to the place by the novelty of such a gathering '' . 
 UNK on the platform were UNK C. UNK , UNK of Providence and a wealthy Republican stove manufacturer ; ; 
 Thomas Davis , an uncompromising UNK ; ; 
 the Reverend Augustus UNK , a Unitarian minister ; ; 
 the Reverend George T. Day , a UNK Baptist ; ; 
 Daniel W. UNK , and William H. H. UNK . 
 The latter two were appointed secretaries . 
 The first speaker was UNK C. UNK who had been unanimously chosen president of the meeting . 
 He spoke of his desire to promote the abolition of slavery by UNK means and he compared John Brown of Harper's Ferry to the John Brown of Rhode Island's colonial period . 
 UNK concluded that as Rhode Island's John Brown became a UNK hero , if not a saint , so would it be with John Brown of Harper's Ferry . 
 The next speaker was George T. Day . 
 Although admitting Brown's guilt on legal grounds , Day said that , `` Brown is no common criminal ; ; 
 his deed was not below , but above the law '' . 
 Following Day was UNK who spoke of his disapproval of Brown's attempt at UNK UNK , his admiration of Brown's character , and his opposition to slavery . 
 UNK remarks were applauded by a portion of the audience several times and once there was hissing . 
 The fourth and last speaker was Thomas Davis . 
 By this time large numbers of the audience had left the hall . 
 Davis commenced his remarks by an UNK to the general feeling of opposition which the meeting had encountered from many of the citizens and all the newspapers of the city . 
 He said that the propriety or UNK of such a gathering was a question that was to be settled by every man in accordance with the convictions of private judgments . 
 In the remainder of his speech Davis spoke of his admiration for Brown and warned those who took part in the meeting that they `` are liable to the charge that they are supporting traitors and upholding men whom the laws have condemned '' . 
 He recalled that in Rhode Island a party opposed to the state's condemnation of a man ( Thomas W. UNK ) proclaimed the state's action as a violation of the law of the land and the principles of human liberty . 
 At the close of UNK speech the following UNK and resolutions were read by the president , and on the question of their adoption passed unanimously : 
 Whereas , John Brown has cheerfully risked his life in UNK to deliver those who are denied all rights and is this day doomed to suffer death for his efforts in behalf of those who have no helper : Therefore , 
 Resolved that , while we most decidedly disapprove the methods he adopted to accomplish his objects , yet in his willingness to die in aid of the great cause of human freedom , we still recognize the qualities of a noble nature and the exercise of a spirit which true men have always admired and which history never fails to honor . 
 Resolved that his wrongs and UNK in Kansas , occasioned by the violence and brutality of those who were intent on the propagation of slavery in that territory , call for a charitable judgment upon his recent efforts in Virginia to undermine the despotism from which he had suffered , and commend his family to the special sympathy and aid of all who pity suffering and reverence justice . 
 Resolved that the anti-slavery sentiment is becoming ripe for UNK action . 
 Resolved , that we find in this fearful tragedy at Harper's Ferry a reason for more earnest effort to remove the evil of slavery from the whole land as UNK as possible . 
 On the morning following the Pratt Hall meeting the editor of the Providence Daily Journal wrote that although the meeting was UNK and less extreme than those held in other areas for similar purposes , it could have been avoided completely . 
 Rather than being deceived , the eye is puzzled ; ; 
 instead of seeing objects in space , it sees nothing more than -- a picture . 
 Through UNK and 1912 , as the Cubist UNK tendency to adhere to the literal surface became harder and harder to deny , the task of keeping the surface at UNK length fell all the more to UNK UNK . 
 To reinforce , and sometimes to replace , the simulated UNK , Braque and Picasso began to mix sand and other foreign substances with their paint ; ; 
 the UNK texture thus created likewise called attention to the reality of the surface and was effective over much larger areas . 
 In certain other pictures , however , Braque began to paint areas in exact UNK of wood UNK or UNK . 
 These areas , by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued -- and set to UNK again -- only by conventional perspective ; ; 
 that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the UNK except near the surface . 
 The accumulation of such devices , however , soon had the effect of UNK , even while separating , surface and depth . 
 The process of UNK seemed UNK , and it became necessary to emphasize the surface still further in order to prevent it from UNK with the illusion . 
 It was for this reason , and no other that I can see , that in September 1912 , Braque took the radical and revolutionary step of UNK actual pieces of UNK wallpaper to a drawing on paper , instead of trying to simulate its texture in paint . 
 Picasso says that he himself had already made his first collage toward the end of UNK , when he glued a piece of UNK UNK to a painting on canvas . 
 It is true that his first collage looks more Analytical than Braque's , which would confirm the date he assigns it . 
 But it is also true that Braque was the consistent pioneer in the use of simulated textures as well as of UNK ; ; 
 and moreover , he had already begun to broaden and simplify the UNK of Analytical Cubism as far back as the end of 1910 . 
 When we examine what each master says was his first collage we see that much the same thing happens in each . 
 ( It makes no real difference that Braque's collage is on paper and UNK out in charcoal , while UNK is on canvas and UNK out in oil . 
 ) By its greater UNK presence and its greater UNK , the affixed paper or cloth serves for a seeming moment to push everything else into a more vivid idea of depth than the simulated printing or simulated textures had ever done . 
 But here again , the UNK device both UNK and falls short of its aim . 
 For the illusion of depth created by the contrast between the affixed material and everything else gives way immediately to an illusion of forms in UNK , which gives way in turn , and with equal immediacy , to an illusion that seems to contain both -- or neither . 
 Because of the size of the areas it covers , the pasted paper establishes undepicted flatness bodily , as more than an indication or sign . 
 UNK flatness now tends to assert itself as the main event of the picture , and the device UNK : the illusion of depth is rendered even more precarious than before . 
 Instead of isolating the literal flatness by UNK and UNK it , the pasted paper or cloth releases and spreads it , and the artist seems to have nothing left but this undepicted flatness with which to finish as well as start his picture . 
 The actual surface becomes both ground and background , and it turns out -- suddenly and paradoxically -- that the only place left for a three-dimensional illusion is in front of , upon , the surface . 
 In their very first UNK , Braque and Picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust out into real , UNK space -- or to be about to do so -- while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface . 
 And the surface is driven back , in its very UNK , only by this contrast . 
 In the upper center of Braque's first collage , UNK UNK ( in Douglas UNK collection ) , a bunch of grapes is rendered with such UNK vivid UNK effect as to lift it practically off the picture plane . 
 The UNK illusion here is no longer enclosed between parallel UNK , but seems to thrust through the surface of the drawing paper and establish depth on top of it . 
 Yet the violent immediacy of the wallpaper strips pasted to the paper , and the only lesser immediacy of block capitals that simulate window lettering , manage somehow to push the UNK cluster back into place on the picture plane so that it does not `` jump '' . 
 At the same time , the wallpaper strips themselves seem to be pushed into depth by the lines and patches of shading UNK upon them , and by their placing in relation to the block capitals ; ; 
 and these capitals seem in turn to be pushed back by their placing , and by contrast with the UNK of the UNK . 
 Thus every part and plane of the picture keeps changing place in relative depth with every other part and plane ; ; 
 and it is as if the only stable relation left among the different parts of the picture is the ambivalent and ambiguous one that each has with the surface . 
 And the same thing , more or less , can be said of the contents of UNK first collage . 
 In later UNK of both masters , a variety of UNK materials are used , sometimes in the same work , and almost always in conjunction with every other UNK and UNK device they can think of . 
 The area adjacent to one edge of a piece of affixed material -- or simply of a UNK form -- will be shaded to pry that edge away from the surface , while something will be drawn , painted or even pasted over another part of the same shape to drive it back into depth . 
 UNK defined as parallel to the surface also cut through it into real space , and a depth is suggested UNK which is greater than that established UNK . 
 All this UNK the UNK between surface and depth so as to encompass UNK space in front of the surface as well as behind it . 
 UNK may now monopolize everything , but it is a flatness become so ambiguous and expanded as to turn into illusion itself -- at least an optical if not , properly speaking , a pictorial illusion . 
 UNK , Cubist flatness is now almost completely assimilated to the literal , undepicted kind , but at the same time it UNK upon and largely UNK the undepicted kind -- and it does so , moreover , without UNK the latter of its UNK ; ; 
 rather , it UNK and UNK that UNK , UNK it . 
 Out of this UNK UNK , the Cubist subject UNK . 
 For it had turned out , by a further paradox of Cubism , that the means to an illusion of depth and plasticity had now become widely divergent from the means of representation or UNK . 
 In the Analytical phase of their Cubism , Braque and Picasso had not only had to minimize UNK simply in order to preserve it ; ; 
 they had also had to generalize it -- to the point , finally , where the illusion of depth and relief became UNK from specific three-dimensional entities and was rendered largely as the illusion of depth and relief as such : as a UNK attribute and UNK property detached from everything not itself . 
 In order to be saved , plasticity had had to be isolated ; ; 
 and as the aspect of the subject was transposed into those clusters of more or less UNK and UNK UNK by which plasticity was isolated under the Cubist method , the subject itself became largely UNK . 
 Cubism , in its UNK phase ( which the French , with justice , call `` UNK '' ) was on the UNK of abstract art . 
 It was then that Picasso and Braque were confronted with a unique dilemma : they had to choose between illusion and representation . 
 If they UNK for illusion , it could only be illusion per se -- an illusion of depth , and of relief , so general and UNK as to exclude the representation of individual objects . 
 If , on the other hand , they UNK for representation , it had to be representation per se -- representation as image pure and simple , without UNK ( at least , without more than UNK ones ) of the three-dimensional space in which the objects represented originally existed . 
 It was the collage that made the terms of this dilemma clear : the UNK could be restored and preserved only on the flat and literal surface now that illusion and representation had become , for the first time , mutually exclusive alternatives . 
 In the end , Picasso and Braque UNK for the UNK , and it would seem they did so deliberately . 
 ( This provides whatever real justification there is for the talk about `` reality '' . 
 ) But the inner , formal logic of Cubism , as it worked itself out through the collage , had just as much to do with shaping their decision . 
 When the smaller UNK of Analytical Cubism were placed upon or UNK with the large , dense shapes formed by the affixed materials of the collage , they had to UNK -- become `` UNK '' -- into larger UNK shapes themselves simply in order to maintain the integrity of the picture plane . 
 Left in their previous UNK UNK , they would have cut away too abruptly into depth ; ; 
 and the broad , opaque shapes of pasted paper would have been isolated in such a way as to make them jump out of plane . 
 Large planes UNK with other large planes tend to assert themselves as independent shapes , and to the extent that they are flat , they also assert themselves as silhouettes ; ; 
 and independent silhouettes are apt to coincide with the recognizable contours of the subject from which a picture starts ( if it does start from a subject ) . 
 It was because of this UNK as much as for any other reason -- that is , because of the growing independence of the UNK unit in collage as a shape -- that the identity of depicted objects , or at least parts of them , UNK in Braque's and UNK UNK UNK and continued to remain more conspicuous there -- but only as flattened silhouettes -- than in any of their paintings done wholly in oil before the end of 1913 . 
 Analytical Cubism came to an end in the collage , but not conclusively ; ; 
 nor did UNK Cubism fully begin there . 
 Only when the collage had been UNK translated into oil , and transformed by this translation , did Cubism become an affair of positive color and flat , interlocking silhouettes whose UNK and placement created allusions to , if not the illusion of , unmistakable three-dimensional identities . 
 UNK Cubism began with Picasso alone , late in 1913 or early in 1914 ; ; 
 this was the point at which he finally took the lead in Cubist innovation away from Braque , never again to relinquish it . 
 But even before that , Picasso had glimpsed and entered , for a moment , a certain revolutionary path in which no one had preceded him . 
 It was as though , in that instant , he had felt the flatness of collage as too UNK and had suddenly tried to escape all the way back -- or forward -- to literal UNK . 
 This he did by using utterly literal means to carry the forward push of the collage ( and of Cubism in general ) literally into the literal space in front of the picture plane . 
 Some time in 1912 , Picasso cut out and folded a piece of paper in the shape of a guitar ; ; 
 to this he glued and fitted other pieces of paper and four taut strings , thus creating a sequence of flat surfaces in real and UNK space to which there clung only the UNK of a picture plane . 
 The affixed elements of collage were extruded , as it were , and cut off from the literal pictorial surface to form a UNK . 
 Los Angeles in 1957 finally bowed to the UNK . 
 ) And without high density in the core , UNK systems cannot be maintained economically , let alone built from scratch at today's prices . 
 However , the building of freeways and garages cannot continue forever . 
 The new interchange among the four Los Angeles freeways , including the UNK UNK , occupies by itself no less than eighty acres of downtown land , UNK of a square mile , an area about the size of Rockefeller Center in New York . 
 It is hard to believe that this mass of intertwined concrete constitutes what the law calls `` the highest and best use '' of centrally located urban land . 
 As it affects the city's fiscal situation , such an interchange is UNK ; ; 
 it removes forever from the tax rolls property which should be taxed to pay for the city services . 
 UNK improved land values without taking away land ; ; 
 freeways boost valuation less ( because the garages they require are not prime buildings by a long shot ) , and reduce the acreage that can be taxed . 
 UNK Los Angeles is already two-thirds freeway , interchange , street , parking lot and garage -- one of those preposterous `` if '' statistics has already come to pass . 
 The freeway with narrowly spaced UNK concentrates and UNK the access problem , but it also acts inevitably as an artificial , isolating boundary . 
 City planners do not always use this boundary as effectively as they might . 
 Less ambitious freeway plans may be more successful -- especially when the UNK and UNK are raised , allowing for cross access at many points and providing parking areas below the ramp . 
 Meanwhile , the automobile and its friend the truck have cost the central city some of its industrial dominance . 
 In ever greater numbers , factories are locating in the suburbs or in `` industrial parks '' removed from the city's political jurisdiction . 
 The appeal of the suburb is particularly strong for heavy industry , which must move bulky objects along a lengthy assembly line and wants enough land area to do the entire job on one floor . 
 To light industry , the economies of being on one floor are much UNK , but efficiency engineers usually believe in them , and manufacturers looking for ways to cut costs cannot be prevented from turning to efficiency engineers . 
 This movement of industry away from the central cities is not so UNK new as some prophets seem to believe . 
 It is merely the latest example of the UNK growth which formed the pattern of virtually all American cities . 
 The big factories which are relatively near the centers of our cities -- the rubber factories in UNK , UNK Detroit plants , U.S. UNK Pittsburgh works -- often began on these sites at a time when that was the edge of the city , yet close to transport ( river ) , storage ( piers ) and power ( river ) . 
 The `` UNK '' was a phenomenon of the railroad and the steam turbine , and the time when the belts of residence surrounding the old factory area were not yet UNK . 
 The truck and the car gave the manufacturer a new degree of freedom in selecting his plant site . 
 Until internal combustion became cheap , he had to be near a railroad siding and a trolley line or an existing large community of lower-class homes . 
 The railroad siding is still important -- it is usually , though not always , true that UNK UNK by rail is cheaper than UNK . 
 But anybody who promises a substantial volume of business can get a railroad to run a short spur to his plant these days , and many businesses can live without the railroad . 
 And there are now many millions of workers for whom the factory with the big parking lot , which can be reached by driving across or against the usual pattern of rush hour traffic and UNK bus lines , is actually more convenient than the UNK factory . 
 UNK Run , General UNK enormous installations at Louisville and UNK , the Pentagon , UNK in Seattle , Douglas and UNK in Los Angeles , the new automobile assembly plants everywhere -- none of these is substantially served by any sort of conventional mass rapid transit . 
 They are all suburban plants , relying on the roads to keep them supplied with workers . 
 And wherever the new UNK go up their banks are lined by neat glass and metal and colored brick light industry . 
 The drive along UNK Route UNK , the UNK which makes an arc about twenty miles from downtown Boston , may be a vision of the future . 
 The future could be worse . 
 The plants along Route UNK are mostly well designed and nicely set against the New England rocks and trees . 
 They can even be rather grand , like Edward UNK monument to the astonishing success of UNK . 
 But they deny the values of the city -- the crowded , competitive , tolerant city , the `` melting pot '' which gave off so many of the most admirable American qualities . 
 They are segregated businesses , combining again on one site the factory and the office , drawing their work force from segregated communities . 
 It is interesting to note how many of the plants on UNK Route UNK draw most of their income either from the government in UNK UNK arrangements , or from the exploitation of patents which grant at least a partial monopoly . 
 While the factories were always the center of the labor market , they were often on the city's periphery . 
 In spreading the factories even farther , the automobile may not have changed to any great extent the growth pattern of the cities . 
 Even the loss of hotel business to the UNK motel has been relatively UNK ; ; 
 the UNK UNK is becoming harder to find every year . 
 What UNK most is the damage the automobile has done to UNK retailing , especially in those cities where public transit is feeble . 
 Some retailing , of course , always spreads with the population -- grocery stores , UNK , local UNK and dress shops , candy stores and the like . 
 But whenever a major purchase was contemplated forty years ago -- a new bedroom set or a winter coat , an Easter UNK , a bicycle for Junior -- the family set off for the downtown department store , where the selection would be greatest . 
 Department stores UNK in the `` one hundred per cent location '' , where all the transit lines UNK . 
 These stores are still there , but the volume of the `` downtown store '' has been on a relative decline , while in many cities the suburban `` branch '' sells more and more dry goods . 
 If the UNK and UNK downtown unit sales have been decreasing , however , his dollar volume continues to rise , and it is dollars which you put in the bank . 
 In most discussions of this phenomenon , the figures are substantially UNK . 
 No suburban UNK branch -- not even Hudson's vast UNK outside Detroit -- does anything like the unit volume of business or carries anything like the variety of merchandise to be found in the home store . 
 Telephone orders distort the picture : the UNK naturally calls a local rather than a UNK number if both are listed in an UNK , especially if the local call eliminates city sales tax . 
 The suburban branch is thereby credited with a sale which would have been made even if its glass doors had never opened . 
 UNK procedures which continue to charge a UNK overhead and warehouse expense to the main store make the branches seem more profitable than they are . 
 In many cases that statement -- `` We break even on our downtown operation and make money on our branches '' -- would be turned around if the cost analysis were UNK on terms less prejudicial to the old store . 
 Fear of the competition -- always a great UNK force in the American economy -- makes retailers who do not have suburban operations exaggerate both the volume and the UNK of their UNK UNK new branches . 
 The fact seems to be that very many large branch stores are UNK , that the choice of location in the suburbs is as important as it was downtown , and that even highly UNK cities will support only so many big branches . 
 Moreover , the cost of operations is always high in any new store , as the conservative bankers who act as UNK for retail giants are beginning to discover . 
 When all has been said , however , the big branch store remains a major break with history in the development of American retailing . 
 Just as the suburban factory may be more convenient than the downtown plant to the worker with a car , the trip to the shopping center may seem far easier than to the downtown department store , though both are the same distance from home . 
 Indeed , there are some cities where the suburban shopping pulls customers who are geographically much nearer to downtown . 
 Raymond Vernon reports that residents of East St. Louis have been driving across the Mississippi , through the heart of downtown St. Louis and out to the western suburbs for major shopping , simply because parking is easier at the big branches than it is in the heart of town . 
 To the extent that the problem is merely parking , an aggressive downtown management , like that of UNK UNK in Columbus , Ohio , can fight back successfully by building a garage on the lot next door . 
 If the distant patron of the suburban branch has been frightened away from downtown by traffic problems , however , the city store can only pressure the politicians to do something about the highways or await the completion of the federal highway program . 
 And if the affection for the suburban branch reflects a desire to shop with `` nice people '' , rather than with the UNK urban mass which supports the downtown department store , the central location may be in serious trouble . 
 Today , according to land economist Homer Hoyt , shopping centers and their associated parking lots cover some UNK acres of land , which is almost exactly the total land area in all the nation's Central Business UNK put together . 
 The downtown store continues to offer the great UNK of variety , both within its gates and across the street , where other department stores are immediately convenient for the UNK who wants to see what is available before making up her mind . 
 If anything may be predicted in the UNK world of retailing , it seems likely that the suburban branch will come to dominate children's clothing ( taking the kid downtown is too much of a production ) , household UNK and the discount business in UNK items . 
 Department stores were built on dry goods , especially ladies' fashions , and in this area , in the long run , the suburban branches will be hard put to compete against downtown . 
 If this analysis is correct , the suburban branches will turn out to be what UNK cost UNK refuse to acknowledge , marginal operations rather than major factors . 
 Historically in America the appeal of cities has been their color and life , the variety of experience they offered . 
 `` How ya gonna keep 'em down on the farm '' ? ? 
 Was a question that had to be asked long before they saw UNK . 
 Though Americans usually lived in groups segregated by national origin or religious belief , they liked to work and shop in the noise and vitality of downtown . 
 Only a radical change in the nature of the population in the central city would be likely to destroy this preference -- and we must now turn our attention to the question of whether such a change , UNK foreseen by so many urban UNK , is actually upon us . 
 4 . 
 UNK and Negroes 
 In their book , American Skyline , Christopher UNK and Henry Hope Reed argue that Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal was what made the modern suburb a possibility -- a fine UNK argument , when you consider how UNK tend to vote . 
 The first UNK -- New York's Henry Hudson and Chicago's Lake Shore , San UNK Bay Bridge and its approaches , a good slice of the Pennsylvania Turnpike -- were built as part of the federal works program which was going to cure the depression . 
 At the same time , Roosevelt's Federal Housing Administration , coupled with Henry UNK UNK policy , permitted ordinary UNK families to build their own homes . 
 Bankers who had been reluctant to lend without better security than the house itself got that security from the U. S. government ; ; 
 UNK who had been unable to pick up the burden of short-term UNK mortgages found they could borrow for twenty-five years at 4 per cent , under government UNK . 
 Before losing itself in the sands of the 19th Century , the grand stream of Italian Renaissance architectural decoration made a last appearance in the Brumidi UNK of the Capitol UNK in Washington . 
 The artistic generation after Brumidi was trained in the Paris of that time to a more UNK standard of execution , and tended to overlook greatness of conception where faults and weakness were easy to find . 
 But it is a great conception . 
 The open ceiling , with UNK and classical figures thrown in masses against the sky : the closed frieze , formally divided into historical scenes and tightly tied to the stone walls , belong in their large ordering to the line of UNK and his UNK followers . 
 The descent may be remote , but this is surely the only UNK example of that vigorous inheritance in the United States . 
 UNK Brumidi designed the decorative scheme as a whole , in collaboration with the architect Charles U. Walter , at the time when plans were being made to replace the wooden dome of UNK with the present much larger iron structure . 
 After many years and many UNK he was able to finish the UNK fresco , and slightly less than half the frieze , beginning with the Liberty group opposite the East door , and ending with William Penn , all but one leg , when a tragic accident ended his career . 
 He left at his death sketches , drawn to scale , for the rest of the circle . 
 These were carried out not too faithfully by UNK Costaggini , who began by supplying the missing member to the founder of Pennsylvania and noting in pencil , in Italian , that he `` began at this point '' . 
 When Costaggini had used up all the sketches UNK feet of empty frieze were left over . 
 A blank UNK void , plastered in UNK , disfigured the wall of the UNK until 1951 . 
 Then , advised by the UNK of the Capitol , the Joint Committee for the Library , traditionally responsible for the works of art in the building , ordered the space cleared and painted in fresco , to show `` the Peace after the Civil War '' , `` the UNK War '' , and `` the UNK of UNK '' , to match as nearly as feasible Brumidi's technique and composition . 
 Later the cleaning and restoration were ordered , first of the older part of the frieze , finally of the UNK . 
 What follows is therefore a description of three separate undertakings , the new UNK of the gap , and the successive essays in conservation , with some discussion of problems that arose in connection with each . 
 For the use of students and future UNK , a full , UNK record was kept of all three undertakings , complete technical reports on what we found and what we did . 
 These may be consulted in the office of the UNK of the Capitol , or the Library of Congress . 
 The first preliminary was UNK the UNK length of frieze , a jumble of UNK and finish coats , all in bad condition . 
 It was decided to strip the whole area down to the bricks , and to replace the rough coats up to one inch thickness to agree with the older artists' preparation , with a mortar , one part UNK lime , three parts sand , to be put on in two layers . 
 UNK were drawn full size , after sketches had been made to satisfy all the authorities . 
 There was some difficulty here . 
 One had to manage the given subjects , three diverse recent events , so as to make them part of a classical frieze , -- that is , a pattern of large figures filling the space , with not much else , against a blank background . 
 Moreover , all three representations must be squeezed comfortably into little more than the length Brumidi allowed for each one of his . 
 When it was all arranged to fit , and not to interrupt the lengthwise flow of movement in the frieze , the cartoons were tried in place . 
 The UNK , a confusion of heavy beams hanging from the gallery above , was strong and safe , but obscured visibility . 
 Nothing could be seen from the floor , but by moving around the gallery one could get glimpses ; ; 
 and we were able to decide on some UNK of scale . 
 To be sure of matching color as well as form , pieces of UNK were traced on the UNK , and large samples painted in fresco , then left two months to dry out to their final key . 
 Later it was UNK to note that they had set so solidly as to be hard to remove when the time came . 
 The scaffold was the length of the space to be painted . 
 What bits of Brumidi and Costaggini could be reached at either end seemed in good order , though the UNK sandy surface was thick with dust . 
 UNK , they came out surprisingly clear and bright . 
 It could be seen that both artists used a very thick final coat of plaster , one half inch , and that both followed the traditional Italian fresco technique as described by UNK UNK in the 14th Century , and current in Italy to this day . 
 That is , they used opaque color throughout , getting solid UNK with active lime white . 
 UNK `` a UNK '' is much in evidence . 
 A brown hatching UNK and UNK shadows , and much of the background is solidly covered with a dark coat . 
 This brown is sometimes so rich in medium as to appear to be oil paint . 
 In our own practice , to have the last `` UNK '' plaster coat thick enough to match , and at the same time to avoid fine cracks in drying , we found that it had to be put on in two layers , letting the first set awhile before applying the second . 
 The mortar was three parts sand to two of lime . 
 Some of the lime that is always on hand in the Capitol basement for plaster repairs was UNK several months for us ; ; 
 but to make it UNK , of a really UNK consistency to avoid cracking , we added a little UNK lime -- hard on the hands , but we could see no other disadvantage . 
 I am told that a mortar longer UNK might have remained longer in condition for painting . 
 As it was , it took the pigment well for six hours , enough for our purpose , and held it firmly in setting . 
 It was obvious that to match Brumidi , white must be mixed with all but the UNK tones . 
 UNK white , hard and brilliant , has a tendency to `` jump '' away from the other colors in drying , and also by its capacity to set , to preclude the use of ready-made UNK , so useful in decorative work . 
 In older Italian practice , lime , dried and UNK `` UNK UNK '' , entered into such prepared shades . 
 For convenience we chose a stronger pigment , unknown to the early Italians or to Brumidi , UNK UNK , reserving the active lime white for highest lights , put on at the end of the day's stint . 
 Other UNK were mostly raw umber , some burnt umber , and a little yellow UNK . 
 This last was probably not in Brumidi's palette , but was needed to take the chill , UNK look off the new work next to the old , where softening effects of time were seen , even after thorough cleaning . 
 The use of `` UNK '' we tried to restrict to covering joints . 
 Experience showed , however , that it is very difficult to paint a dark umber background in fresco that will not dry out UNK and uneven . 
 Later Brumidi and Costaggini will be seen coping with this same problem . 
 We were forced , as they were , to work a good deal of UNK into background and dark areas . 
 We made it by UNK recipe , five parts thoroughly washed cheese UNK to one of lime UNK ; ; 
 ground together they made a strong adhesive , which became UNK in drying . 
 Figure 1 was taken in 1953 . 
 The new part is finished . 
 On the right is the Brumidi Liberty group , as it looked after cleaning operations , which had not yet come around to the other end ; ; 
 where , of Costaggini , only some foliage has been washed , at the point where his work stopped . 
 One is led to speculate as to why the empty space was there , left for our century to finish . 
 Costaggini said it was Brumidi's fault in not providing enough material to fill the circle . 
 Brumidi's son later maintained that Costaggini had compressed and UNK his father's designs , UNK UNK a bit he could claim for his very own . 
 This question might be settled by comparing the measurement of the actual UNK with the dimensions noted , presumably in Brumidi's hand , above the various sections of his long preparatory drawing , which has been kept . 
 UNK fault , it is evident that Brumidi intended to fill out the whole frieze with his `` histories '' and come full circle with the scene of the discovery of California gold . 
 In painting a fresco , the handling of wet mortar UNK one always to move from top to bottom and from left to right , not to UNK yesterday's work with today's UNK . 
 At the very first , then , Brumidi was required , by the UNK UNK shape of his central group , to fill in the triangular space above the seated girl on UNK right , before starting on the UNK figures themselves . 
 Here he put a small man , whose missing hands might have left his function doubtful , until comparison with the first sketches showed that when the artist came back to the beginning , this was to be the closing figure of the party of `` UNK '' , and was to hold a basket . 
 One sees UNK rendering of the same figure more than thirty feet away . 
 The photograph , Figure 1 of the completed frieze , shows how , having been separated from his fellows in useless isolation for eighty years , he has now been given a hand , and by UNK ( and the permission of the Committee ) , given a new job , to represent the witnesses of the first flight at Kitty Hawk in UNK . 
 The startlingly bright effect of the first UNK led the Committee to order the rest of the UNK cycle cleaned and restored to go with them . 
 The fixed wooden scaffold was removed , and , so as to reach all the frieze , one of pipe , on wheels , built up from the floor . 
 Every few days , in the early morning , as the work progressed , twenty men would appear to push it ahead and to shift the plank foundation that distributed its weight widely on the UNK pavement , supported as it is by ancient brick UNK . 
 On this UNK and UNK platform over fifty feet from the floor , after a first dusting , we began to wash . 
 A most useful tool for wetting the surface without running down was made from a UNK `` mist spray '' nozzle UNK to a hose connection , to be used at low water pressure . 
 A UNK in the handle let us cut the pressure still lower . 
 One man sprayed , with a sponge in hand to check excess wetting . 
 A second assistant mopped with two UNK . 
 In parts a repeated UNK was needed , but everywhere we found that water alone was enough to restore the original brightness . 
 No soap or other cleaning agent was used that might bring in unwanted chemical reactions . 
 The painting `` a fresco '' stood up superbly ; ; 
 a little of the `` UNK '' came off . 
 UNK UNK was put on at once . 
 Altogether we found the craftsmanship first rate , especially Brumidi's . 
 We were greatly helped by there being no traces of former restoring . 
 Apparently not more than dusting had ever been done , and not much of that . 
 The plaster was sound , the UNK firmly attached all over , and the pigment solidly incorporated with it in all but a few unimportant places . 
 The greatest source of trouble was rain which had repeatedly flowed from openings above , soaking the surface and leaving streaks of dissolved lime , very conspicuous even after cleaning , particularly in the `` UNK of Columbus '' , `` UNK and the Indians '' , and `` UNK '' . 
 Here the UNK , referring to the use of the Capitol as a public building , not a museum , requested some UNK to maintain decorative effect , rather than leaving blank , UNK patches . 
 These UNK have had no care for eighty years . 
 With naked gas jets below and UNK windows above , enough to ruin wall paintings in any medium , they have survived , in a building long UNK in winter , hot and damp under the iron dome in summer . 
 Those whom I wish to address with this letter are for the most part unknown to me . 
 It may well be that , when Rudy Pozzatti and I visited your country last spring , you were living and working close to the places we saw and the streets we walked . 
 As American artists , it was natural that we would want to meet as many Soviet artists as possible . 
 This letter might not have been necessary had our efforts to meet and talk with you been more successful . 
 Even though we did not see many of your faces , it appears now quite evident that a considerable number of your profession heard , from those whom we had the fortune to encounter , that we had been in your midst . 
 I am very pleased that quite a number of you found ways to communicate to me your desire to hear of our reactions and experiences in the U.S.S.R. . 
 I can well understand your curiosity . 
 We , ourselves , are always eager to know how others feel about us and the way in which we live . 
 It is my hope that this written message and report will reach you through the good offices of the Union of Soviet Artists . 
 There should be no reason to UNK or ignore the intent of this letter . 
 Pozzatti and I UNK earnestly to record our impressions without the prejudice that the anxiety of our time so easily provokes . 
 The UNK of little more than a month cannot entitle me to pose as an expert on anything I saw . 
 Too much damage is done by `` experts '' who have spent even less time , if any at all , in the U.S.S.R. . 
 Nevertheless I consider it reasonable , because of my commitment as an artist , to assume that the rights and responsibilities of creative individuals are related to humanity as a whole rather than to specific UNK interests . 
 If this attitude is seriously questioned in the Soviet Union , it does not necessarily follow that the majority of the society in which I live is too aware of the necessity for clarity on this ethical as well as aesthetic point of view . 
 It is a matter of some disappointment to me that still many of my own countrymen are too shortsighted to UNK any symbolic significance to the plight of a minority , such as artists , in any social order . 
 I encountered many questions and great interest upon my return from the Soviet Union about my reactions to that experience . 
 That which I found most profound and most disturbing appeared to evoke a curiously UNK reaction . 
 Almost as if I were talking about something quite unreal . 
 Apparently this is not the time and the climate in which people will listen UNK , or at least UNK , to individual impressions of a subject which UNK a good deal of their waking moments . 
 Personal predispositions tend to blunt the ear and , in turn , the voice as well . 
 I cannot be content with the UNK small talk of a somewhat unusual UNK . 
 I am equally impatient with the UNK of the shoulder , shake of the head of those who no longer care because they have known it for so long ; ; 
 the aggressive disbelief of those who are UNK lost in a semantic jungle of the word `` Revolution '' ; ; 
 the belligerent UNK by the sick UNK of ignorance who try to build a UNK wall of UNK on our physical horizons . 
 UNK as it may have been at times , Pozzatti and I saw enough , talked to enough artists , historians and others to realize that the issue is quite clear . 
 Artists and poets are the raw UNK of humanity ; ; 
 they are small in number and their contribution is not immediately decisive in everyday life . 
 By themselves they may not be able to save the life on this planet , but without them there would be very little left worth saving . 
 It cannot be said that our very first day in the Soviet Union turned out to be an ordinary one . 
 On that cold , but bright , April day we were guests of your government in the reviewing stand of Red Square to witness the UNK celebration for Yuri UNK and later on that day we attended the somewhat more exclusive reception for him in one of the impressive palaces of the Kremlin . 
 If we thus spent our very first day in the midst of a large number of your people honoring a new hero and a great national achievement , our last day , to us at least , was equally impressive and very moving , even though the crowds were absent and there was almost complete silence . 
 We stood under a gigantic tree in the rolling country just outside of Moscow looking at silent flowers on the grave of a Russian poet and writer who cherished the love for his country to the point of foregoing the highest international honor . 
 The grave , about half-way between his home and the blue UNK of a small church , rose above the forms and spaces of gently UNK UNK of green , the sounds of birds , the silence of other graves and the casual paths through small forests . 
 Just yesterday we had met and talked with a living writer , a contemporary of the dead poet , who is known for his ability of UNK his ideas and his craft more UNK . 
 But today we were aware of only two men . 
 One had taken a flight into UNK space , in the service of science , to return as a living hero . 
 The other had assumed the right to explore the equally UNK space of the human spirit . 
 The flowers on his grave attested to the fact that he as well was somebody's hero . 
 These two UNK form the frame around a series of experiences and sights which , to me at least , symbolize the extremes in the aesthetic as well as ethical conflict between materialism and humanism . 
 A struggle that is being waged all over the world in the UNK of UNK . 
 The prevalent opinion which we encountered in a variety of expressions in your country denied not only the existence of this conflict but it was UNK even further with an incredible semantic UNK . 
 The socialist environment , it was stated , had UNK these two extreme seeds and was about to produce a new plant and fruit . 
 When I UNK on one such occasion that the new growth , like other UNK , might be unable to UNK , I was immediately accused of preaching racial prejudice . 
 I could not bring myself to answer that `` some of my best friends are UNK UNK '' . 
 This kind of reasoning and logic takes a little time to get used to . 
 After a while we were perhaps less surprised , but still puzzled , when a friendly discussion would suddenly jump the track into the most irrelevant and UNK comparisons . 
 A chance remark about UNK sealed train brought the UNK that this was a myth akin to George Washington's UNK tree . 
 UNK of the behavior pattern of population masses were compared to scientific discoveries concerning the UNK of UNK masses . 
 No wonder that Pozzatti and I had at times difficulty in remembering the real purpose of our presence , namely , Cultural Exchange . 
 UNK of such an experience was the occasion of a somewhat formal official welcome in the offices of the Union of Soviet Artists . 
 We had looked forward to what we hoped to be our first informal meeting with a number of Moscow's artists . 
 Instead , we became involved in a series of friendly , but overly formal , welcoming addresses to which we had no choice but to reply in kind . 
 The terms of friendship , understanding , cooperation , etc. , tend to become somewhat UNK because of constant and UNK use . 
 I can only hope that the continuing exchange of groups and individuals between our countries will not wear out all language pertinent to the occasion . 
 The presiding female UNK , of massive proportions and UNK appearance , initially did not contribute to the expressions of friendship and welcome by a number of dignified gentlemen representing the arts . 
 It was only after we had responded , with what I fear were similar cliches , that she went into action by questioning our desire for friendship and understanding with a challenge about aggressive and warlike actions by the U.S. Government in Cuba and Laos . 
 She retreated by leaving the room when we suggested that our meeting might well terminate right then and there . 
 Unfortunately she returned later , just as I had taken advantage of the UNK atmosphere in the room by stating that perhaps an unexpected result of the Cultural Exchange Program would be the UNK of Abstract Art in Russia , with Social UNK UNK dominance in the U.S. . 
 This gave her an opportunity to ring down the curtain with the UNK UNK that we should not UNK to lecture her on UNK . 
 She did not go so far as to say , as was done on other occasions , that UNK as well as UNK were a Russian invention that had been discarded as unwanted by the people of the U.S.S.R. 
 . 
 Pozzatti and I could not know then that we would experience this sort of treatment more often in Moscow than elsewhere . 
 We were to discover , in fact , that quite a number of people share with us the impression that , in contrast to other Soviet regions , Moscow's atmosphere is UNK subdued and official . 
 To have one's intentions deliberately or UNK misunderstood is always a waste of time . 
 Until our Moscow experience , I had not considered it necessary to prepare any argument formally or informally . 
 Artists simply do not talk to each other in that fashion ; ; 
 and , UNK , I could not UNK the implication that I spoke for American artists as a group . 
 To save time , some clarification seemed necessary . 
 The following is a statement read to a large and friendly group of your fellow artists in UNK : 
 `` We have come to your land with the express intention of understanding and respecting your ideas and your ways . 
 Our presence here should also be considered further , sincere evidence of the attempts by our people and their chosen government to seek any and all possible ways to effect closer , peaceful ties among all people . 
 We are quite convinced that one of the main hopes for the future depends upon the informal contacts and exchanges of ideas between individuals . 
 In spite of the relatively short period of time that we have experienced among you , we have already seen many indications of your character and spirit . 
 We are acutely aware that yours is a society which , in spite of several wars and many UNK , has developed itself into one of the foremost nations of the world . 
 Your past history is UNK with the fruits of the intellect . 
 Your present history is equally admirable for its industrial and scientific achievements . 
 We have come to you to experience something of your way of life while also attempting to UNK you with that of ours . 
 While we , as American artists , believe deeply in the universal character of all intellectual activity , we would be less than honest with you , or ourselves , if we failed to state a specific attitude toward our own society as well as the international community as a whole . 
 In stating this position , we should like to make it clear to you that we cannot expect artists and intellectuals in other lands to share our opinion in every respect . 
 As a matter of fact , we prize the diversity among our own people so much that we will not UNK to speak for all other American artists . 
 But certainly , all will agree that it is not so much the knowledge and search for UNK between you and us , but rather the thoughtful exploration and acceptance of our differences which may lead us to our respective and desired goals with a minimum of misunderstanding . 
 Like yourselves , we have pride and love for our country . 
 To many of us , this is a land to which we or our parents fled from totalitarian terror in order to live in dignified freedom . 
 As artists we feel the same obligation , as do other individuals , in considering ourselves responsible citizens of a great nation . 
 The UNK Society is an ambitious work . 
 Its scope is as broad as the question : What does it mean to live in modern society ? ? 
 A work so broad , even when it is directed by a leading idea and informed by a moral vision , must necessarily `` fail '' . 
 Even a hasty reader will easily find in it numerous blind spots , errors of fact and argument , important UNK , areas of ignorance and prejudice , undue UNK on UNK , examples of broad positions supported by UNK evidence , and the like . 
 Such books are easy prey for critics . 
 Nor need the critic be UNK . 
 A careful and orderly man , who values precision and a kind of tough intellectual responsibility , might easily be put off by such a book . 
 It is a simple matter , for one so disposed , to take a work like The UNK Society and UNK it into odds and ends . 
 The thing can be made to look like the UNK attic of a large and vigorous family -- a UNK jumble of discarded objects , some UNK and some that were never useful , some once whole and bright but now chipped and UNK , some odd pieces whose history no one remembers , here and there a gem , everything fascinating because it suggests some part of the human condition -- the whole adding up to nothing more than a glimpse into the UNK history of the makers and users . 
 That could be easily done , but there is little reason in it . 
 It would come down to saying that Fromm paints with a broad brush , and that , after all , is not a conclusion one must work toward but an impression he has from the outset . 
 I mention these features of the book because they are inherent in the UNK character and therefore must be mentioned . 
 It would be UNK to build a UNK around them . 
 There are more substantial criticisms to be made of Fromm's account of capitalist civilization . 
 It is worthwhile to recall that Fromm's treatment has both descriptive and UNK aspects . 
 Since I have already discussed his moral position , that discussion is incorporated by reference into the following pages , which will focus on the empirical and analytic side of Fromm's treatment . 
 I shall first indicate a couple of weaknesses in Fromm's analysis , then argue that , granted these weaknesses , he still has much left that is valuable , and , finally , raise the general question of a philosophical versus a sociological approach to the question of alienation . 
 Almost no empirical work has been done on the problem of alienation . 
 Despite its rather long intellectual history , alienation is still a promising hypothesis and not a verified theory . 
 The idea has received much attention in philosophy , in literature , and in a few works of general social criticism , such as The UNK Society . 
 What is missing is work that would answer , presumably by the use of survey methods and UNK attitude scales , such questions as these : What are the components of the UNK described as alienation ? ? 
 How widespread is alienation ? ? 
 What is its incidence among the various classes and subgroups of the population ? ? 
 Taking alienation as a dependent variable , with what UNK factors is it most highly associated ? ? 
 UNK as an independent variable , how does it affect behavior in various sectors of life ? ? 
 Until such work is done , there must remain the nagging suspicion that alienation may be little more than an expression of the malaise of the intellectual , who , rejected by and in turn rejecting the larger society , projects his own fear and despair onto the broader social screen . 
 I am not suggesting that Fromm ought to do this kind of work . 
 Nor do I think that alienation is nothing more than a projection of the malaise of the intellectual . 
 I am saying only that until a fuller and different kind of evidence comes in , any discussion of alienation must be understood to have certain important limitations . 
 Until such evidence appears , we must make do with the evidence we have . 
 Here , perhaps , Fromm is vulnerable , for he does not always use the best and most recent evidence available , and he sometimes selects and UNK the evidence in rather special ways . 
 Three examples follow . 
 Fromm's analysis of alienation in the sphere of production centers around the concepts of the UNK of the corporation , the separation of ownership from control , and the broad ( and thus from the point of view of corporate control , UNK ) UNK of stock ownership . 
 For all these points he relies exclusively on Berle and UNK study of UNK , The Modern Corporation And Private UNK . 
 The broad conclusions of that UNK work remain UNK , but subsequent research has expanded and somewhat altered their empirical support , has suggested important revisions in the general analytic frame of reference , and has sharpened the meaning of particular analytic concepts in this area . 
 Fromm seems unaware of these developments . 
 Another example is his very infrequent use of the large amount of data from surveys designed to discover what and how people actually do feel and think on a broad range of topics : he cites such UNK findings just three times . 
 Moreover , the conclusions he draws from the findings are not always the only ones possible . 
 For example , he cites the following data from two studies on job satisfaction : in the first study , 85 per cent of professionals and executives , UNK per cent of white collar people , and 41 per cent of factory workers expressed satisfaction with their jobs ; ; 
 in the second study , the percentages were 86 for professionals , 74 for managerial persons , 42 for commercial employees , 56 for skilled workers , and 48 for UNK workers . 
 He concludes that these data show a `` remarkably high '' percentage of consciously dissatisfied and unhappy persons among factory and clerical workers . 
 Starting from other value premises than Fromm's , some analysts might conclude that the percentages really tell us very little at all , while others might even conclude that the figures are remarkably low . 
 UNK UNK , for example , once said that America was a paradise -- the only one in the history of the world -- for UNK and small children . 
 What matters is that while Fromm's reading of the data is not the only one possible , it is precisely the one we would expect from a writer who earnestly believes that every man can and ought to be happy and satisfied . 
 Fromm also cites a poll on attitudes toward work restriction conducted by the UNK Research Corporation in 1945 , in which UNK per cent of manual workers said a man ought to turn out as much as he could in a day's work , while 41 per cent said he should not do his best but should turn out only the average amount . 
 Fromm says these data show that job dissatisfaction and resentment are widespread . 
 That is one way to read the findings , but again there are other ways . 
 One might use such findings to indicate the strength of informal primary associations in the factory , an interpretation which would run counter to Fromm's theory of alienation . 
 Or , he might remind Fromm that the 41 per cent figure is really astonishingly low : after all , the medieval UNK system was dedicated to the proposition that 100 per cent of the workers ought to turn out only the average amount ; ; 
 and today's trade unions announce pretty much the same view . 
 In view of these shortcomings in both the amount and the interpretation of UNK findings on public opinion , and considering the criticisms which can be brought against Fromm's philosophical anthropology , such a passage as the following cannot be taken seriously . 
 `` Are people happy , are they as satisfied , unconsciously , as they believe themselves to be ? ? 
 Considering the nature of man , and the conditions for happiness , this can hardly be so '' . 
 The ambiguities suggested above stem from a more basic difficulty in Fromm's style of thought . 
 He seems to use the term alienation in two different ways . 
 Sometimes he uses it as a subjective , descriptive term , and sometimes as an objective , diagnostic one . 
 That is , sometimes it is used to describe felt human misery , and other times it is postulated to explain UNK anxiety and discontent . 
 The failure to keep these two UNK distinct presents hazards to the reader . 
 It also permits Fromm to do some dubious things with empirical findings . 
 When alienation is used as an objective and diagnostic category , for example , it becomes clear that Fromm would have to say that awareness of alienation goes far toward UNK it . 
 ( He , in effect , does say this in his discussion of the UNK of the UNK UNK . 
 ) Starting from this , and accepting his estimate of the UNK of modern society , it would follow that the really disturbing evidence of alienation would be that of a UNK survey which reported widespread , stated worker satisfaction , rather than widespread , stated worker dissatisfaction . 
 The point is that in a system such as Fromm's which recognizes unconscious motivations , and which rests on certain ethical UNK , empirical data can be used to support whatever proposition the writer is urging at the moment . 
 Thus , in the example cited above Fromm rests his whole case on the premise that the workers are being deprived unconsciously , UNK , of fulfillment , and then supports this with survey data reporting conscious , experienced frustrations . 
 He has his cake and UNK it too : if the workers say they are dissatisfied , this shows conscious alienation ; ; 
 if they say they are satisfied , this shows unconscious alienation . 
 This sort of manipulation is especially troublesome in Fromm's work because , although his system is derived largely from certain philosophic convictions , he asserts that it is based on empirical findings drawn both from social science and from his own consulting room . 
 While the `` empirical psychoanalytic '' label which Fromm claims sheds no light on the validity of his underlying philosophy , it does increase the UNK of his product . 
 The final example of the failure to use available evidence , though evidence of a different kind from that which has so far been considered , comes from Fromm's treatment of some other writers who have dealt with the same themes . 
 In a brief chapter dealing with `` Various Other UNK '' , he quotes isolated passages from some writers whose views seem to UNK his own , and finds it `` most remarkable that a critical view of twentieth-century society was already held by a number of thinkers living in the nineteenth . 
 '' He finds it equally `` remarkable that their critical diagnosis and UNK should have so much in common among themselves and with the critics of the twentieth century '' . 
 There is nothing remarkable about this at all . 
 It is largely a matter of finding passages that suit one's purposes . 
 There is a difference between evidence and illustration , and Fromm's citation of the other UNK fits the latter category . 
 UNK at the list : UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , London , Marx , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , A. R. UNK , Huxley , Schweitzer , and UNK . 
 This is a delightfully UNK collection . 
 One can make them say the same thing only by not listening to them very carefully and hearing only what one wants to hear . 
 The method of selection Fromm uses achieves exactly that . 
 Furthermore , the list is interesting for its UNK . 
 It UNK , for example , practically the whole line of great nineteenth century English social critics , nearly all the great writers whose basic position is religious , and all those who are with more or less accuracy called UNK . 
 Of course , the list also UNK all writers who are fairly `` optimistic '' about the modern situation ; ; 
 these , almost by definition , are spokesmen for an alienated ideology . 
 It is not hard to find that concurrence of opinion which Fromm finds so remarkable when you ignore all who hold a different opinion . 
 Turning from these problems of the use of evidence , one meets another type of difficulty in Fromm's analysis , which is his loose and ambiguous use of certain important terms . 
 One such instance has already been presented : his use of alienation . 
 The only other one I shall mention here is his use of the term capitalism . 
 For Fromm , capitalism is the enemy , the root of all evil . 
 It is of course useful to have a sovereign cause on one's social criticism , for it makes diagnosis and prescription much easier than they might otherwise be . 
 If one characteristic distinguishes Boris UNK , it is the consistency with which every person on the stage -- including the chorus -- comes alive in the music . 
 Much of this UNK quality results from UNK care in UNK his vocal line on natural speech inflections . 
 In this he followed a path that led back to the very source of opera ; ; 
 such composers as UNK , UNK and UNK , with the same goal in mind , had developed styles of UNK UNK UNK to their own languages . 
 Through long experimentation in his songs , Mussorgsky developed a Russian UNK as different from others as the language itself . 
 UNK most of his musical continuity to the orchestra , he lets the speech fall into place as if by coincidence , but controlling the pace and emphasis of the words . 
 The moments of sung melody , in the usual sense , come most often when the character is actually supposed to be singing , as in folk songs and UNK UNK . 
 Otherwise Mussorgsky reserves his vocal melodies for prolonged expressions of emotion -- UNK first UNK , for example . 
 Even then , the flexibility of the phrasing suggests that the word comes first in importance . 
 Aside from Boris himself , one need but examine the secondary roles to place Mussorgsky among the masters of musical UNK . 
 Even those who appear in only one or two scenes are full personalities , defined with economical precision . 
 Consider the four monks who figure prominently in the action : Pimen , Varlaam , UNK and the UNK Rangoni . 
 Under no circumstances could we mistake one for the other ; ; 
 each musical setting has an individual touch . 
 Pimen is an old man , weak in body -- his voice rarely rises to a full forte -- but firm and clear of mind . 
 His UNK offers contrast to UNK youthful excitement . 
 A quiet but sturdy theme , somewhat UNK in character , appears whenever the old monk speaks of the history he is recording or of his own past life : 
 This theme comes to represent the outer world , the realm of battles and UNK -- seen from a distance , quite distinct from the quieter spiritual life in the UNK . 
 It changes and develops according to the text ; ; 
 it introduces Pimen when he comes before Boris in the last act . 
 Once he has been identified , however , a new melody is used to accompany his narrative , a bleak motif with barren UNK creating a rather ancient effect : 
 An imaginative storyteller , Pimen takes on the character he describes , as if he were experiencing the old UNK blindness and miraculous cure . 
 Here the composer uses a favorite device of his , the intensification of the mood through key relationships . 
 The original D minor seems to symbolize blindness , inescapable in spite of all attempts to move away from it . 
 As the child addresses the UNK in a dream , light -- in the form of the major mode -- begins to appear , and at the moment of the miracle we hear a clear and shining D major . 
 Varlaam and UNK always appear together and often sing together , in a straightforward , UNK vigorous idiom that distinguishes them from the more subtle and well-educated Pimen . 
 Their begging song might easily be a folk melody : 
 The same could be said for the song to which they make their entrance in the final scene . 
 Apparently their origin is humble , their approach to life direct and UNK . 
 Whatever learning they may have had in their order doesn't disturb them now . 
 UNK is the straight man , not very talkative , UNK when he does speak . 
 Varlaam is loud , rowdy , UNK in his pleasures and impatient with anyone who is not the same . 
 A rough UNK figure , heard first in the introduction to the inn scene , characterizes him UNK and UNK whenever he comes into the action : 
 The Song Of UNK , in which this figure becomes a UNK accompaniment , fills in the picture of UNK high spirits . 
 The phrasing is irregular , and the abrupt key changes have a primitive UNK . 
 ( We can imagine how they startled audiences of the UNK . 
 ) 
 UNK music begins to UNK as he feels the effects of the wine , but he pulls himself together when the need arises . 
 Both monks respond to the guard's challenge with a few phrases of their begging song ; ; 
 a clever naturalistic touch is UNK labored reading of the warrant . 
 As the knack gradually comes back to him , his rhythm becomes UNK , with the rigid monotony of an UNK reader . 
 For the only time in the opera , words are not set according to their natural UNK ; ; 
 to do so would have spoiled the dramatic point of the scene . 
 UNK and dramatically , Rangoni is as far removed from the conventional monk as Varlaam . 
 His music shows a sensuality coupled with an UNK quality that suggest somehow a UNK with UNK in UNK UNK . 
 His speech shows none of the native accent of the Russian characters ; ; 
 in spite of the Italian name , he sounds French . 
 His personality appears more striking by contrast with Marina , who is -- perhaps purposely -- rather UNK characterized . 
 UNK first entrance is a musical shock , a sudden open fifth in a key totally unrelated to what has preceded it . 
 The effect is as if he had UNK out of nowhere . 
 He speaks quietly , UNK his authority beneath a smooth humility , just as the shifting harmonies that accompany him all but hide the firm pedal point beneath them . 
 He addresses Marina with great deference , calling her `` Princess '' at first ; ; 
 it is only after he has involved her emotions in his scheme that he uses her given name , placing himself by implication in the position of a UNK father . 
 UNK , this scene is a close parallel to one that UNK was writing at the same time , the scene between UNK and UNK . 
 Rangoni and UNK have the same purpose -- forcing the girl to charm the man she loves into serving her country's cause -- and their tactics are much the same . 
 Rangoni begins by describing the sad state of the Church ; ; 
 this brings a reaction of distress from Marina . 
 The music becomes UNK as he calls up a vision of her own UNK : it is she , he tells her , who can bring the truth to Russia and convert the UNK . 
 As if in a trance , she repeats his words -- then UNK , with a shock , her own UNK . 
 This is no assignment for a frivolous girl , she assures him . 
 Now Rangoni comes to the point , and we hear , for the first time , a long , downward chromatic scale that will become the characteristic motif of his sinister power . 
 It is a phrase as arresting as a UNK gesture , with a UNK turn of harmony giving an effect of UNK . 
 Another theme , UNK chromatic , appears as he directs her to gain power over UNK by any means , even at the cost of her honor . 
 Coming from a priest , the music sounds as odd as the advice : 
 Marina rebels at this suggestion . 
 Her pride is as much at stake as her virtue ; ; 
 she is the UNK beauty , the princess who turns away UNK by the dozen . 
 UNK she UNK Rangoni for his evil thoughts and orders him to leave her . 
 At once the UNK pulls out all the stops . 
 To music of a menacing darkness , he describes the powers of UNK gaining control of the girl , UNK her soul with pride and destroying her beauty . 
 The combined threat of UNK and ugliness is too much for her , and she falls terrified at his feet . 
 With another sudden change of mood , he is again calm and protective , UNK her to trust and obey him as God's spokesman -- and the chromatic scale UNK in ominous contradiction . 
 Whatever the source of UNK power , Marina is his captive now ; ; 
 we are reminded of this at the end of the next scene , when his theme cuts through the warmth of the love UNK , again throwing a chill over the atmosphere . 
 The most unusual feature of Boris , however , is the use of the greatest character of all , the chorus . 
 This is the real UNK of the drama ; ; 
 the conflict is not Boris versus UNK or UNK or even the ghost of the murdered child , but Boris versus the Russian people . 
 Mussorgsky makes this quite clear by the extent to which UNK scenes propel the action . 
 UNK first entrance seems almost a UNK to the splendor of the UNK Scene , with its dazzling confusion of UNK . 
 We have a brief glimpse of the UNK public personality , the `` official Boris '' , but our real focus is on the excitement of the crowd -- a significant contrast with its UNK UNK in the opening scene , its bitter resentment and fury in the final act . 
 One reason for the unique vitality of the chorus is its great variety in expression . 
 It rarely speaks as a unit . 
 Even in its most conventional appearance , the UNK song of praise to Marina , there are a few female UNK UNK the princess for her coldness . 
 In many passages -- for example , the council of UNK -- each section of the chorus becomes a character group with a particular opinion . 
 Hot arguments arise between UNK and UNK , who will sing in harmony only when they agree on an idea . 
 The opening scene shows this method at its most individual . 
 Mussorgsky paints a telling picture of the common people , those who must suffer the effects of their UNK struggle for power without understanding the causes . 
 They are held in control by force , but barely . 
 They will kneel and plead for UNK leadership in a strangely intense song , its phrases irregularly broken as if gasping for breath , but when the police with their UNK move away , they mock and grumble and fight among themselves . 
 There is a quick change from the UNK song to a UNK tone . 
 `` Hey , Mityukh '' , asks one group , `` what are we shouting about '' ? ? 
 And Mityukh , apparently the intellectual leader of the crowd , replies that he has no notion . 
 The jokes and arguments grow louder until the police return ; ; 
 then the people strike up their song with even more fervor than before , ending it with a UNK of despair . 
 Mussorgsky frequently uses UNK music with considerable dramatic force . 
 In UNK cell the soft prayers of the monks , heard from UNK , not only help to set the scene but emphasize the contrast between young UNK thoughts and his situation . 
 This is especially striking between UNK quiet exit and UNK UNK UNK against Boris . 
 Again , as Boris feels himself nearing death , a procession files into the hall singing a hymn , its UNK harmonies adding a UNK touch to the grim atmosphere : The words are hardly calculated to put the UNK mind at ease . 
 They echo the words with which he has described his own vision of the dying child who `` UNK and UNK for mercy -- and there is no mercy '' . 
 The living as well as the dead now accuse him ; ; 
 this final reminder of his guilt is the fatal one . 
 One of the outstanding assets of the present production is the restoration of the St. UNK scene , usually omitted from performances and rarely included in a published score . 
 Though brief , it has a sharp dramatic edge and great UNK . 
 In addition , it is an important link in the plot , giving us a revealing glimpse of the people's attitude toward Boris and the false UNK . 
 The UNK in the forest of UNK is a natural UNK . 
 The St. UNK scene opens with little groups of UNK milling around the square , the ever present police keeping them under scrutiny . 
 In the orchestra we hear first a UNK , UNK UNK figure , then the insistent `` police '' motif as it appeared in the opening scene . 
 The service is over , and a number of people come from the church with their spokesman Mityukh in the lead . 
 They bring the news that the UNK has been excommunicated ; ; 
 this is met with scorn by the UNK , who claim that Mityukh is lying or drunk . 
 ( Mussorgsky cleverly contrasts the two groups by their UNK accompaniment , solemn chords or mocking UNK . 
 ) There is still more news , Mityukh UNK : they have prayed for the soul of the UNK . 
 So far these remarks , like most criticisms of Hardy , have UNK assumed that his poetry is all of a piece , one solid mass of verse expressing a sensibility at a single stage of development . 
 For critics , Hardy has had no poetic periods -- one does not speak of early Hardy or late Hardy , or of the London or Max Gate period , but simply of Hardy , as of a poetic UNK . 
 This seems odd when one recalls that he wrote poetry longer than any other major English poet : `` UNK '' is dated `` between UNK and UNK '' ; ; 
 `` Seeing The Moon UNK '' is dated August , 1927 . 
 One might expect that in a poetic career of UNK years , some changes in style and method would have occurred , some development taken place . 
 This is not , however , the case , and development is a term which we can apply to Hardy only in a very limited sense . 
 In a time when poetic style , and poetic belief as well , seem in a state of continual flux , Hardy stands out as a poet of almost perverse consistency . 
 Though he struggled with philosophy all his life , he never got much beyond the pessimism of his twenties ; ; 
 the `` sober opinion '' of his letter to UNK , written when Hardy was eighty years old , is essentially that of his first `` philosophical '' UNK entry , made when he was twenty-five : `` The world does not despise us : it only UNK us '' ( Early Life , p. 63 ) . 
 And though in his later years he revised his poems many times , the revisions did not alter the essential nature of the style which he had established before he was thirty ; ; 
 so that , while it usually is easy to recognize a poem by Hardy , it is difficult to date one . 
 There is only one sense in which it is valid to talk about Hardy's development : he did develop toward a more consistent and more effective control of that tone which we recognize as uniquely his . 
 There is only one Hardy style , but in the earlier poems that style is only UNK evident , and when it is not , the style is the style of another poet , or of the fashion of the time . 
 In the later poems , however , the personal tone UNK . 
 The bad early poems are bad Shakespeare or bad UNK ; ; 
 the bad late poems are bad Hardy . 
 There are two ways of getting at a poet's development : through his dated poems , and through the revisions which he made in later editions of his work . 
 About a quarter of Hardy's poems carry an UNK date line , usually the year of completion , but sometimes inclusive years ( `` 1908 - 1910 '' ) or two separate dates when Hardy worked on the poem ( `` 1905 and 1926 '' ) or an approximate date ( `` During the War '' ) . 
 These dates are virtually the only clues we have to the chronology of the poems , since the separate volumes are neither chronological within themselves nor in relation to each other . 
 With the exception of UNK Of UNK , each volume contains dated poems ranging over several decades ( Winter Words spans sixty-one years ) ; ; 
 the internal organization rarely has any chronological order , except in obvious groups like the `` Poems of UNK '' , the `` Poems of 1912 - 13 '' , and the war poems . 
 From the dated poems we can venture certain conclusions about Hardy's career in poetry , always remembering that conclusions based on a fraction of the whole must remain tentative . 
 The dated poems suggest that while Hardy's concern with poetry may have been constant , his production was not . 
 He had two productive periods , one in the late UNK , the other in the decade from 1910 to 1920 ( half of the dated poems are from the latter period , and these alone total about one-tenth of all Hardy's poems ) . 
 There was one sterile period : only one poem is dated between UNK and UNK and , except for the poems written on the trip to Italy in 1887 , very few from UNK to UNK . 
 The dated poems also give us an idea of the degree to which Hardy drew upon past productions for his various volumes , and therefore probably are an indication of the amount of poetry he was writing at the time . 
 Poems Of The Past And The Present and UNK UNK UNK , both published while Hardy was at work on The UNK , draw heavily on poems written before 1900 . 
 UNK Of UNK and UNK Of UNK , coming during his most productive decade , are relatively self-contained ; ; 
 the former contains no poem dated before 1909 - 10 -- that is , no poem from a period covered by a previous volume -- and the latter has only a few such . 
 The last three volumes are again more dependent on the past , as Hardy's creative powers declined in his old age . 
 These observations about Hardy's productivity tally with the details of his life as we know them . 
 The first productive period came when he was considering poetry as a UNK , before he had decided to write fiction for a living ( in his note for Who's Who he wrote that he `` wrote verses 1865 - 1868 ; ; 
 gave up verse for prose , 1868 - 70 ; ; 
 but resumed it later '' ) . 
 During the UNK sterile years he was writing novels at the rate of almost one a year and was , in addition , burdened with bad health ( he spent six months in bed in UNK , too ill to do more than work slowly and painfully at A UNK ) . 
 Two entries in The Early Life support the assumption that during this period Hardy had virtually suspended the writing of poetry . 
 Mrs. Hardy records that `` at the end of November ( UNK ) he makes a note of an intention to resume poetry as soon as possible '' ( Early Life , p. UNK ) ; ; 
 and on Christmas Day , UNK , Hardy wrote : `` While thinking of UNK ' the UNK UNK Of UNK before dawn this morning , new horizons seemed to open , and worrying UNK to disappear '' ( Early Life , p. UNK ) . 
 There are more poems dated in the UNK than in the UNK -- Hardy had apparently resumed the UNK wings as he decreased the volume of his fiction -- but none in 1891 , the year of UNK , and only one in 1895 , the year of UNK . 
 After 1895 the number increases , and in the next thirty years there is only one year for which there is no dated poem -- UNK , when Hardy was at work on The UNK . 
 The second productive period , the decade from 1910 to 1920 , can be related to three events : the completion of The UNK in 1909 , which left Hardy free of pressure for the first time in forty years ; ; 
 the death of Emma Hardy in 1912 , which had a profound emotional effect on Hardy for which he found release in poetry ; ; 
 and the First World War . 
 It may seem strange that a poet should come to full UNK in his UNK , but we have it on Hardy's own authority that `` he was a child till he was sixteen , a youth till he was UNK , and a young man till he was nearly fifty '' ( Early Life , p. 42 ) . 
 We may carry this sequence one step further and say that at seventy he was a poet at the height of his powers , wanting only the impetus of two tragedies , one personal , the other national , to loose those powers in poetry . 
 Hardy's two productive decades were separated by forty years , yet between them he developed only in that he became more steadily himself -- it was a narrowing , not an expanding process . 
 Like a wise gardener , Hardy UNK away the UNK UNK and songs , and the elements of meter and poetic diction to which his personal style was not suited , and let the main stock of his talent flourish . 
 The range of the later poetry is considerably narrower , but the number of successful poems is far greater . 
 We can see the general characteristics of the earlier decade if we look at two poems of very different qualities : `` Revulsion '' ( UNK ) and `` Neutral Tones '' ( UNK ) . 
 There is not much to be said for `` Revulsion '' . 
 Like about half of the UNK - 70 poems , it is a UNK on a conventional theme -- the unhappiness of love . 
 Almost anyone could have written it ; ; 
 it is competent in the sense that it makes a coherent statement without violating the rules of the UNK form , but it is entirely UNK and entirely unlike Hardy . 
 The language is the conventional language of the form ; ; 
 there is no phrase or image that sounds like Hardy or that is striking enough to give individuality to the poem . 
 It is UNK than Hardy usually is , but with the smoothness of UNK . 
 It is obviously a young man's poem , written out of books and not out of experience ; ; 
 it asserts emotion without UNK it -- that is to say , it is sentimental . 
 There are many such competently anonymous performances among the earlier poems . 
 `` Neutral Tones '' we immediately recognize as a fine poem in Hardy's most characteristic style : the plain but not quite UNK language , the hard , particular , UNK images , the slightly odd UNK , the dramatic handling of the occasion , the refusal to resolve the issue -- all these we have seen in Hardy's best poems . 
 The poem does not distort the syntax of ordinary speech nor draw on exotic sources of diction , yet it is obviously not ordinary speech -- only Hardy would say `` a grin of bitterness swept thereby ; ; 
 like an ominous bird UNK '' , or `` UNK with wrong '' , or would describe a winter sun as `` UNK '' . 
 The details of the setting of `` Neutral Tones '' are not , strictly speaking , UNK , but they combine to create a mood which is appropriate both to a dismal winter day and to the end of love , and in this way love and weather , the emotions and the elements , symbolize each other in a way that is common to many of Hardy's best poems ( `` UNK '' , `` The UNK UNK '' , and `` During UNK and Rain '' , for example ) and to some moving passages in the novels as well ( Far From The UNK UNK is full of scenes constructed in this way ) . 
 `` Neutral Tones '' is an excellent example of Hardy's mature style , drawn from his earliest productive period ; ; 
 I cite it as evidence that he did not develop through new styles as he grew older ( as UNK did ) , but that he simply learned to use better what he already had . 
 In the poem we recognize and acknowledge one man's sense of the world ; ; 
 if it is UNK , it is also precise , and the precision lends authority to the vision . 
 In `` Revulsion '' , on the other hand , the pessimism is a case not proven ; ; 
 the poem offers nothing to persuade us of the UNK right to speak as he does . 
 In the UNK - 70 decade there are many poems like `` Revulsion '' , but there is only one `` Neutral Tones '' . 
 Hardy was not Hardy very often . 
 The `` Poems of 1912 - 13 '' offer a good example of Hardy's style as it was manifested in the later productive decade . 
 These are the poems Hardy wrote after the death of his first wife ; ; 
 they compose a painful UNK to what might have been , to a marriage that began with a promise of happiness , and ended in long years of suffering and hatred . 
 Hardy obviously felt that these poems were peculiarly personal and private ; ; 
 he sometimes called them `` an UNK '' , and he would not allow them to be published in periodicals . 
 They are the only poems that he UNK as a group between their first appearance ( in UNK Of UNK ) and the publication of the UNK Poems . 
 The UNK tone is Hardy's natural tone of voice , and it is not surprising that the 1912 - 13 poems are consistently and unmistakably his . 
 The view is always toward the past ; ; 
 but the mood is not quite nostalgic -- Hardy would not allow sentiment to soften his sense of the UNK UNK of the past , and the eternal UNK of the dead . 
 The poems are , the UNK tells us , the `` traces of an ancient flame '' ; ; 
 the fire of love is dead , and Hardy stands , as the speaker does in the last poem of the sequence , over the burnt circle of UNK sticks , and thinks of past happiness and present grief , honest and UNK . 
 UNK invisible , modern revolt , like UNK and UNK , is perceived only by its effects at more UNK social levels , where it is called delinquency . 
 `` UNK '' , by the way , is the term used by the critic and poet , Lawrence Lipton , who has written several articles on this subject , the first of which , in The Nation , quoted as UNK : `` We UNK . 
 '' -- John L. Lewis . 
 Like the pillars of UNK , like two ruined UNK guarding the entrance to one of UNK circles , stand two great dead juvenile UNK -- the heroes of the post-war generation : the great UNK , Charlie Parker , and Dylan Thomas . 
 If the word deliberate means anything , both of them certainly deliberately destroyed themselves . 
 Both of them were overcome by the horror of the world in which they found themselves , because at last they could no longer overcome that world with the weapon of a purely lyrical art . 
 Both of them were my friends . 
 Living in San Francisco I saw them seldom enough to see them with a perspective which was not distorted by exasperation or fatigue . 
 So as the years passed , I saw them each time in the light of an accelerated personal UNK . 
 The last time I saw Bird , at UNK Bob City , he was so gone -- so blind to the world -- that he literally sat down on me before he realized I was there . 
 `` What happened , man '' ? ? 
 I said , referring to the pretentious `` Jazz Concert '' . 
 `` UNK , man , evil '' , he said , and that's all he said for the rest of the night . 
 About dawn he got up to blow . 
 The rowdy crowd chilled into stillness and the fluent melody UNK through it . 
 The last time I saw Dylan , his UNK had not just passed the limits of UNK . 
 It had assumed the terrifying UNK of UNK matter . 
 Being with him was like being swept away by a torrent of falling stones . 
 Now Dylan Thomas and Charlie Parker have a great deal more in common than the same disastrous end . 
 As artists , they were very similar . 
 They were both very fluent . 
 But this fluent , enchanting utterance had , compared with important artists of the past , relatively little content . 
 Neither of them got very far beyond a sort of UNK UNK at his own creativity . 
 The principal theme of Thomas's poetry was the ambivalence of birth and death -- the pain of UNK creation . 
 Music , of course , is not so explicit an art , but anybody who knew Charlie Parker knows that he felt much the same way about his own gift . 
 Both of them did communicate one central theme : Against the ruin of the world , there is only one defense -- the creative act . 
 This , of course , is the theme of much art -- perhaps most poetry . 
 It is the theme of Horace , who certainly otherwise bears little resemblance to Parker or Thomas . 
 The difference is that Horace accepted his theme with a kind of UNK assurance . 
 To Dylan and Bird it was an agony and terror . 
 I do not believe that this is due to anything especially frightful about their relationship to their own creativity . 
 I believe rather that it is due to the catastrophic world in which that creativity seemed to be the sole value . 
 UNK column of UNK verse shines quietly enough in the lucid air of UNK Rome . 
 Art may have been for him the most enduring , orderly , and noble activity of man . 
 But the other activities of his life UNK of these values . 
 They did not actively UNK them . 
 Dylan Thomas's verse had to find endurance in a world of burning cities and burning Jews . 
 He was able to find meaning in his art as long as it was the answer to air raids and gas UNK . 
 As the world began to take on the guise of an immense air raid or gas oven , I believe his art became meaningless to him . 
 I think all this could apply to Parker just as well , although , because of the nature of music , it is not UNK -- at least not conclusively . 
 Thomas and Parker have more in common than theme , attitude , life pattern . 
 In the practice of their art , there is an obvious technical resemblance . 
 Contrary to popular belief , they were not great technical UNK . 
 Their effects are only UNK startling . 
 Thomas is a regression from the technical originality and ingenuity of writers like Pierre UNK or UNK . 
 Similarly , the innovations of UNK , and of Parker particularly , have been vastly UNK by people unfamiliar with music , especially by that UNK , the intellectual UNK , the jazz UNK . 
 The tonal novelties consist in the introduction of a few chords used in classical music for centuries . 
 And there is less rhythmic difference between progressive jazz , no matter how progressive , and UNK , than there is between two movements of many conventional UNK . 
 What Parker and his contemporaries -- UNK , Davis , UNK , UNK ( Tristano is an UNK ) , etc. -- did was to absorb the musical UNK of the older jazz into the basic structure , of which it then became an integral part , and with which it then developed . 
 This is true of the melodic line which could be put together from selected passages of almost anybody -- Benny Carter , Johnny Hodges . 
 It is true of the rhythmic pattern in which the beat shifts continuously , or at least is continuously sprung , so that it becomes ambiguous enough to allow the pattern to be dominated by the long UNK of the phrase or UNK . 
 This is exactly what happened in the transition from baroque to rococo music . 
 It is the difference between Bach and UNK . 
 It is not a UNK analogy to say that this is what Thomas did to poetry . 
 The special UNK effects of a UNK or an Edith UNK -- actually UNK -- become the main concern . 
 The metaphysical UNK , which UNK the Reactionary UNK still dominant in UNK American colleges , were UNK . 
 Thomas's UNK and ambiguities are ends in themselves . 
 The immediate theme , if it exists , is incidental , and his main theme -- the terror of birth -- is simply UNK . 
 This is one difference between Bird and Dylan which should be pointed out . 
 Again , contrary to popular belief , there is nothing crazy or frantic about Parker either UNK or emotionally . 
 His UNK melody is a sort of naive UNK of all experience . 
 UNK it does not resemble UNK or Wagner ; ; 
 it resembles UNK . 
 This is true also of a painter like Jackson Pollock . 
 He may have been eccentric in his behavior , but his paintings are as UNK as Persian tiles . 
 UNK this difference is due to the nature of verbal communication . 
 The insistent UNK of the general environment UNK into even the most idyllic poetry . 
 It is much more a personal difference . 
 Thomas certainly wanted to tell people about the ruin and disorder of the world . 
 Parker and Pollock wanted to substitute a work of art for the world . 
 UNK pure and simple , UNK , is not of major importance , but it is interesting that Parker , following Lester Young , was one of the leaders of the so-called saxophone revolution . 
 In modern jazz , the saxophone is treated as a UNK and played with conventional UNK . 
 UNK , Thomas's verse was extremely conventional , as was , incidentally , the verse of that other tragic UNK , Hart Crane . 
 I want to make clear what I consider the one technical development in the first wave of significant post-war arts . 
 UNK is UNK in the UNK of structure . 
 A poem by Dylan Thomas , a saxophone solo by Charles Parker , a painting by Jackson Pollock -- these are pure UNK as ends in themselves . 
 UNK has come to determine structure . 
 UNK UNK should be distinguished from its exact opposite -- the sterile , UNK invention of the UNK UNK , or present UNK of poetic professors . 
 Just as Hart Crane had little influence on anyone except very reactionary writers -- like Allen UNK , for instance , to whom UNK was the last word in modern poetry and the UNK of an UNK , let alone a Paul UNK were nonsense -- so Dylan Thomas's influence has been slight indeed . 
 In fact , his only disciple -- the only person to imitate his style -- was W. S. Graham , who seems to have imitated him without much understanding , and who has since moved on to other methods . 
 Thomas's principal influence lay in the communication of an attitude -- that of the now UNK British romantic school of the New UNK -- Henry UNK , J. F. UNK , and others -- all of whom were quite conventional poets . 
 Parker certainly had much more of an influence . 
 At one time it was the ambition of every saxophone player in every high school band in America to blow like Bird . 
 Even before his death this influence had begun to UNK . 
 In fact , the whole generation of the founding fathers of UNK -- UNK , UNK , Davis , UNK , and the rest -- are just now at a considerable discount . 
 The main line of development today goes back to Lester Young and UNK them . 
 The point is that many of the most impressive developments in the arts nowadays are aberrant , UNK . 
 There is no longer any sense of continuing development of the sort that can be traced from UNK to UNK , or for that matter , from Hawthorne through Henry James to Gertrude Stein . 
 The UNK generation before World War 1 , , and , on a lower level , the UNK of the period between the wars , both assumed an accepted universe of discourse , in which , to quote UNK UNK , it was possible to make definite advances , exactly as in the sciences . 
 I doubt if anyone holds such ideas today . 
 UNK UNK , but like the UNK music developed from Lester Young , it is a continuity sustained by popular demand . 
 In the plastic arts , a very similar situation exists . 
 UNK like Hans Arp and Max Ernst might talk of creation by hazard -- of UNK pictures by walking on them with painted soles , or by tossing bits of paper up in the air . 
 But it is obvious that they were UNK . 
 Nothing looks anything like an Ernst or an Arp but another Ernst or Arp . 
 Nothing looks less like their work than the happenings of random occasion . 
 Many of the UNK War 2 , abstract UNK , UNK of the discipline of spontaneity and hazard , look alike , and do look like accidents . 
 The aesthetic appeal of pure paint laid on at random may exist , but it is a very UNK appeal . 
 Once again what has happened is an UNK UNK of the UNK , the accidents of painting . 
 It is curious that at its best , the work of this school of painting -- Mark UNK , Jackson Pollock , UNK Still , Robert UNK , UNK UNK , and the rest -- resembles nothing so much as the passage painting of quite UNK painters : the UNK UNK in the background of a Henry UNK , itself a formula derived from UNK ; ; 
 the UNK of light and black which fake UNK in the fashionable UNK of UNK and Sargent . 
 Often work of this sort is presented as UNK -- the pure utterance of the brush stroke seeking only absolute UNK values . 
 You have only to compare such painting with the work of , say , UNK , to realize that someone is using words and brushes UNK . 
 At its best the abstract UNK achieve a simple rococo decorative surface . 
 Its poverty shows up immediately when compared with UNK , where the rococo rises to painting of extraordinary UNK and power . 
 A UNK painting , however UNK , is a universe of tensions in vast depths . 
 A Pollock is an object of art -- UNK -- disguised only by its great size . 
 In fact , once the size is big enough to cover a whole wall , it turns into nothing more than extremely expensive wallpaper . 
 Now there is nothing wrong with complicated wallpaper . 
 There is just more to UNK . 
 The great UNK brush painters painted UNK , too -- at least portable ones , screens . 
 A process of elimination which leaves the artist with nothing but the play of his materials themselves cannot sustain interest in either artist or public for very long . 
 So , in the last couple of years , abstract UNK has tended toward romantic suggestion -- indications of landscape or living figures . 
 Anglo-Saxon and Greek epic each provide on two occasions a seemingly authentic account of the UNK of verse in the heroic age . 
 UNK court UNK sings of the encounters at UNK ( lines UNK - UNK ) , and UNK the tale of UNK exploits in a UNK comparison of the UNK visitor with UNK ( lines UNK - UNK ) ; ; 
 UNK court UNK sings of the discovered UNK of UNK and UNK ( Odyssey 8 UNK ) , and takes up a tale of UNK while the UNK UNK UNK on ( Odyssey 8 UNK ) . 
 Nothing in all this is UNK : unlike the poets of UNK and UNK , the poet of Beowulf is not concerned with his own identity ; ; 
 the poet of The Odyssey , reputed blind , reveals himself not at all in singing of the blind UNK UNK . 
 Since none of these glimpses of UNK without writing is intended to UNK a signature into the epic matter , there is UNK evidence that Beowulf and the Homeric poems each derive from an oral tradition . 
 That such a tradition lies behind The Iliad and The Odyssey , at least , is hard to deny . 
 UNK UNK rigorously defended the observation that the extant Homeric poems are largely formulaic , and was led to UNK that they could be shown entirely formulaic if the complete corpus of Greek epic survived ; ; 
 he further reasoned that frequent formulas in epic verse indicate oral composition , and assumed the slightly less likely UNK that oral epic is inclined towards the use of formulas . 
 UNK from UNK conclusions and adopting one of his UNK , Francis P. UNK , Jr. , argues that Beowulf likewise was created from a legacy of oral formulas inherited and extended by UNK of successive generations , and the thesis is striking and compelling . 
 Yet a fresh inspection will indicate one crucial amendment : Beowulf and the Homeric poems are not at all formulaic to the same extent . 
 The UNK UNK by an oral poet is to be estimated only by a very UNK oral poet , but it appears safe to assume that no sustained narrative in UNK could be composed without extreme difficulty , even in a language of many terminal inflections . 
 UNK seems nearly as severe a curb , although in a celebrated passage William of UNK declares that A Song Of Roland was intoned before the battle commenced at UNK . 
 The Anglo-Saxon UNK line and the Homeric UNK probably imposed less of a restraint ; ; 
 the verse of Beowulf or of The Iliad and The Odyssey was not easy to create but was not impossible for poets who had developed their talents UNK in earning a livelihood . 
 Yet certain aids were valuable and quite UNK necessary for UNK long stretches of verse without a pause . 
 The poet in a written tradition who generally never blots a line may once in a while pause and polish without UNK blame . 
 But the oral poet cannot pause ; ; 
 he must UNK continuously with no apparent effort . 
 Even though the UNK of his verse is not so great as the writing poet can manage , it is still great enough for him often to be seriously impeded unless he has aids to facilitate rapid composition . 
 The Germanic poet had such aids in the kennings , which provided for the difficulties of UNK ; ; 
 the Homeric poet had epithets , which provided for recurring needs in the UNK . 
 Either poet could quickly and easily select words or phrases to supply his immediate requirements as he chanted out his lines , because the kennings and the epithets made possible the construction of systems of numerous UNK for the chief common and proper UNK . 
 Other UNK could of course serve the same function , and for the sake of ease I shall speak of kennings and epithets in the UNK and UNK possible sense , and name , for example , UNK a UNK for the Danes . 
 UNK and UNK elements too participated in each epic diction , but it is for the present sufficient to mark the large nominal and UNK supply of semantic UNK , and to designate the members of any system of equivalents as basic formulas of the poetic language . 
 Limited to a few thousand lines of heroic verse in Anglo-Saxon as in the other Germanic dialects , we cannot say how frequently the kennings in Beowulf UNK in contemporary epic on the same soil . 
 But we can say that since a writing poet , with leisure before him , would seem unlikely to invent a technique based upon frequent and substantial UNK , the kennings like the epithets must reasonably be ascribed to an oral tradition . 
 One of the greatest UNK of our time , Frederick M. UNK , argues that when it is assumed The Iliad and The Odyssey are oral poems , the postulated single UNK called Homer cannot be either credited with or denied originality in choice of phrasing . 
 Any example of grand or UNK diction may have been created by the poet who compiled numerous lays into the two works we possess or may be due to one of his completely unknown UNK . 
 The quest of the historical Homer is likely never to have further success ; ; 
 no individual word in The Iliad or The Odyssey can be credited to any one man ; ; 
 no strikingly effective element of speech in the extant poems can with assurance be said not to have been a commonplace in the UNK epic corpus that may have existed at the beginning of the first UNK before Christ . 
 This observation is of interest not only to students of Homeric poetry but to students of Anglo-Saxon poetry as well . 
 To the extent that a tale is twice told , its final author must be suspect , although UNK in an oral tradition is less a UNK than the standard UNK UNK . 
 UNK argues further , and here he makes his main point , that once The Iliad and The Odyssey are thought formulaic poems composed for an audience accustomed to formulaic poetry , Homeric critics are deprived of an entire domain they previously found UNK . 
 With a few important and a few more unimportant exceptions , no expression can be deemed le UNK UNK for its context , because each was very probably the only expression that UNK practice and ease of rapid UNK would allow . 
 Words or phrases that UNK have admired as handsome or ironic or humorous must therefore lose merit and become regarded as mere inevitable UNK , sometimes accurate and sometimes not . 
 This observation too may have reference to Anglo-Saxon poetry . 
 To the extent that a language is formulaic , its individual components must be regarded as no more distinguished than other cliches . 
 W. F. Bryan suggests that certain kennings in Beowulf were selected sometimes for UNK and sometimes for ironic UNK , but such a view would appear UNK unless it is denied that the language of Beowulf is formulaic . 
 If the master of UNK who was most responsible for the poem ever used kennings that were traditional , he was at least partly deprived of free will and not inclined towards shrewd and sophisticated misuse of speech elements . 
 Once many significant phrases are found in theory or in recurrent practice to provide for UNK necessity , they are not to be defended for their semantic properties in isolated UNK . 
 It is false to be certain of having discovered in the language of Beowulf such effects as intentional irony . 
 Yet , if the argument is turned UNK , there may be found a great deal in UNK view , after all . 
 A formulaic element need not be held meaningless merely because it was selected with little conscious reflection . 
 UNK , though the UNK expressions are , they may nevertheless be handsome or ironic or humorous . 
 A long evolution in an oral tradition caused the poetic language of the heroic age to be based upon formulas that show the important qualities of things , and these formulas are therefore potentially rather than always actually accurate . 
 True , we do not know how they were regarded in their day , but we need not believe the epic audience to have been more UNK to the formulas than the numerous scholars of modern times who have read Germanic or Homeric poetry all their lives and still found much to admire in occasional occurrences of the most familiar phrases . 
 UNK and adjectives in a written tradition are chosen for the UNK ; ; 
 in an oral tradition they may be chosen for the entire epic corpus , and tend towards UNK rather than distinctive UNK . 
 UNK is therefore not to be placed upon the archaeological particulars in an oral poem ; ; 
 UNK today would hope to discover the unmistakable ruins of UNK or the palace of UNK . 
 A ship at UNK could be called a UNK UNK in Anglo-Saxon or a swift ship in Greek . 
 Even when UNK of weapons the Danes would be UNK ( as their king is UNK ) and UNK would be UNK . 
 UNK , like UNK in The UNK , is potentially the UNK of men and may accordingly be called UNK even when he stands idle . 
 In UNK the UNK of UNK is used deliberately and UNK , but the Homeric epithets and the Anglo-Saxon kennings are used casually and recall to the UNK `` a familiar story or situation or a useful or pleasant quality of the UNK '' . 
 The epic language was not entirely the servant of the poet ; ; 
 it was partly his master . 
 The poet's intentions are difficult to discern and , except to UNK , unimportant ; ; 
 the language , however , is a proper object of scrutiny , and the effects of the language are UNK even if sometimes inevitable . 
 Beowulf and the Homeric poems appear oral compositions . 
 Yet they are written ; ; 
 at some stage in their evolution they were UNK . 
 Albert B. Lord suggests that the Homeric poems were dictated to a UNK by a UNK who held in his mind the poems fully UNK but did not himself possess the knowledge of writing since it would be useless to his UNK , and UNK argues that the Beowulf poet and UNK may have dictated their verse in the same fashion . 
 This explanation is attractive , but is UNK at least in part by the observation that UNK , though he used kennings in the traditional manner , was a UNK man who four times inscribed his name by UNK into his works . 
 If UNK was UNK , the Beowulf poet may have been also , and so may the final UNK of The Iliad and The Odyssey . 
 In lieu of the UNK to the blind or illiterate UNK , one may conceive of a man who heard a vast store of oral poetry UNK , and became intimately familiar with the established aids to UNK , and himself wrote his own compositions or his edition of the compositions of the past . 
 Other theories of origin are compatible with the formulaic theory : Beowulf may contain a design for terror , and The Iliad may have a vast UNK pattern answering to a ceramic pattern produced during the Geometric UNK in pottery . 
 The account of the growth and final UNK of these UNK rests partly , however , upon the degree to which they were formulaic . 
 Carl UNK UNK counted UNK different lines repeated exactly in the two Homeric poems , and by increasing this figure so as to include lines repeated with very slight modifications he counted UNK different lines used a total of UNK times . 
 Thus one line in five from The Iliad and The Odyssey is to be found somewhere else in the two poems . 
 The ratio is thoroughly remarkable , because the lines are so long -- half again as long as those of Beowulf . 
 Anglo-Saxon poetry appears to have no comparable amount of repetition ; ; 
 there is no reason to think that the UNK used and UNK whole lines and even lengthy passages after the manner of his Homeric colleague . 
 In determining the extent to which any poem is formulaic it is idle , however , to inspect nothing besides lines repeated in their entirety , for a stock of UNK would be sufficient to permit the poet to UNK with UNK if they provided for UNK needs . 
 The closest scrutiny is owed to the Anglo-Saxon kennings and the Homeric epithets ; ; 
 if any words or phrases are formulaic , they will be . 
 The Iliad has two words for the shield , UNK and UNK . 
 Recent criticism of Great Expectations has tended to emphasize its symbolic and UNK content , to show , as M. D. UNK has said of Dickens generally , that much of the UNK impact resides in its `` UNK insight and moral metaphor '' . 
 J. H. Miller's excellent chapter on Great Expectations has lately illustrated how UNK that novel can be read from such a perspective . 
 In his analysis , however , he touches upon but fails to explore an idea , generally neglected in discussions of the book , which I believe is central to its art -- the importance of human hands as a recurring feature of the narrative . 
 This essay seeks to make that exploration . 
 Dickens was not for nothing the most theatrical of the great Victorian writers . 
 He knew instinctively that next to voice and face an UNK hands are his most useful possession -- that in fiction as in the theatre , gesture is an indispensable UNK for UNK character and UNK action and response . 
 It is hardly accidental , therefore , that many of his most vivid figures do suggestive or eccentric things with their hands . 
 In Great Expectations the hands become almost an obsession . 
 Mr. UNK UNK bites his forefinger , a gesture which conveys both contempt and the inscrutable UNK that half UNK , half UNK all who have dealings with him . 
 Miss UNK UNK hands , heavy as if her unhappiness were somehow concentrated in them , move in restless UNK between her broken heart and her walking stick . 
 UNK `` signature '' is the UNK extended glad hand . 
 UNK reveals his self-satisfaction by regularly rubbing his hands together . 
 Old Mr. UNK frantic response to life imprisonment with a useless , UNK wife is to `` put his two hands into his disturbed hair '' and `` make an extraordinary effort to lift himself up by it '' , whereas Joe UNK UNK the UNK UNK of Mrs. Joe by apologetically drawing `` the back of his hand across and across his nose '' . 
 Such UNK would be less worthy of remark , were it not that in Great Expectations , as in no other of UNK novels , hands serve as a UNK of plot and theme -- a kind of unifying symbol or natural metaphor for the UNK complex of human UNK and the values and attitudes that UNK them . 
 Dickens not only reveals character through gesture , he makes hands a crucial element of the plot , a means of UNK the structure of the novel by helping to define the UNK relations with all the major characters , and a device for ordering such diverse themes as guilt , pursuit , crime , UNK , education , materialism , UNK ( by both people and institutions ) , friendship , romantic love , forgiveness , and redemption . 
 We have only to think of Lady Macbeth or the UNK in Thomas UNK famous story , `` The Hands Of Mr. UNK '' , to realize that hands often call up ideas of crime and punishment . 
 So it is with Great Expectations , whether the hands be UNK as he strikes down Mrs. UNK or Pip's as he UNK a pie from her UNK . 
 Such associations suit well with the UNK or UNK aspects of UNK novel , but , on a deeper plane , they relate to the themes of sin , guilt , and pursuit that have recently been analyzed by other critics . 
 The novel opens with a UNK convict frantically trying to avoid the nemesis of being `` laid hands on '' -- a mysterious figure who looks into Pip's frightened eyes in the churchyard `` as if he were UNK the hands of the dead people , stretching up cautiously out of their graves , to get a twist upon his ankle and pull him in '' . 
 UNK UNK Pip into stealing a pork pie for him by creating the image in the boy's imagination of a UNK man who may `` softly creep his way to him and tear him open '' , `` UNK his hands '' in him . 
 As Pip UNK over the theft that his own hands have committed , his guilty conscience projects itself upon the wooden finger of a local UNK , UNK it into `` a UNK devoting me to the UNK '' . 
 Held upside down in the graveyard , Pip UNK in terror `` with both hands '' to his convict ; ; 
 later he UNK in panic from the family table just as his theft is about to be discovered and is blocked at the front door by a soldier who UNK holds out a pair of UNK which he has brought to UNK forge for UNK . 
 Through such details Dickens indicates at the outset that guilt is a part of the ironic bond between Pip and UNK which is so UNK to alter both their lives . 
 Since they commonly translate thoughts and feelings into deeds , hands naturally represent action , and since nearly half the characters in Great Expectations are of the underworld or closely allied to it , the linking of hands with crime or violence is not to be wondered at . 
 Dickens , for excellent psychological reasons , never fully reveals Magwitch's UNK past , but Pip , at the UNK climactic UNK in London , UNK from UNK a hand which he fears `` might be stained with blood '' . 
 UNK UNK about the forge `` like UNK '' with `` his hands in his pockets '' , and when he shouts abuse at Mrs. Joe for UNK to his holiday , she UNK her hands in a UNK , beats them `` upon her bosom and upon her knees '' , and UNK them in her husband's hair . 
 This last `` UNK '' is only the UNK to the vicious blow upon her head , `` dealt by some unknown hand '' whose identity is later revealed not verbally but through a manual action -- the tracing of UNK hammer upon a slate . 
 Pip himself is to feel the terror of UNK `` murderous hand '' in his secret rendezvous at the UNK on the marshes . 
 Dickens lays great emphasis on the hands in this scene . 
 UNK shakes his hand at Pip , bangs the table with his fist , draws his UNK hand `` across his mouth as if his mouth watered '' for his victim , lets his hands hang `` loose and heavy at his sides '' , and Pip observes him so intensely that he knows `` of the slightest action of his fingers '' . 
 UNK might almost be Magwitch's UNK man come alive , a figure of nemesis from Pip's UNK of guilt . 
 The UNK , disfigured wrists of Mr. UNK UNK are the UNK marks of her sinister past , for her master , coolly exhibiting them to his dinner guests , makes a point of the `` force of grip there is in these hands '' . 
 UNK iron control over her ( `` she would remove her hands from any dish she put before him , UNK , as if she UNK his calling her back ) '' ) rests on his having once got her UNK of a murder charge by cleverly UNK her sleeves at the trial to conceal her strength and by passing off the UNK on the backs of her hands as the scratches of UNK rather than of human UNK . 
 It is the similarity between UNK hands and UNK ( `` The action of her fingers was like the action of UNK '' ) that provides Pip with a vital clue to the real identity of both and establishes a symbolic connection between the underworld of crime and the genteel cruelty of UNK House . 
 Finally , Magwitch's pursuit of UNK , his UNK and UNK , begins by his holding him in a UNK grip on the river UNK to frustrate his escape and culminates in his `` laying his hand on his UNK to identify him '' , thus UNK the UNK struggle in the water during which UNK UNK . 
 Magwitch's hand here UNK becomes the agent of justice . 
 But only in one of its aspects is Great Expectations a tale of violence , revenge , and retribution . 
 Money , so important a theme elsewhere in Dickens , is here central , and hands are often associated in some way with the false values -- UNK , snobbery , UNK , hypocrisy , UNK , UNK , injustice -- that attach to a society based upon the pursuit of wealth . 
 Dickens suggests the economic evils of such a society on the first page of his novel in the description of Pip's five little dead brothers `` who gave up trying to get a living exceedingly early in that universal struggle '' , who seemed to have `` all been born on their backs with their hands in their UNK , and had never taken them out in this state of existence '' . 
 Pip's great expectations , his progress through illusion and UNK , turn , somewhat as they do for the naive hero of UNK American UNK , upon the lure of genteel prosperity through UNK income -- what UNK calls `` portable property '' and what UNK UNK Pip for letting `` slip through ( his ) fingers '' . 
 Since a gentleman must , if possible , avoid UNK them by work , his hands , as importantly as his accent , become the index of social status . 
 Almost the first step in the corruption of Pip's values is the unworthy shame he feels when Estella cruelly remarks the UNK of his hands : `` They had never troubled me before , but they troubled me now , as vulgar UNK '' . 
 Pip UNK how Estella would look down upon Joe's hands , UNK by work in the UNK , and the deliberate contrast between her white hands and his blackened ones is made to symbolize the opposition of values between which Pip UNK -- UNK and work , UNK and UNK , UNK and UNK , coldness and affection -- in fact , between UNK House and the forge . 
 When the snobbery that UNK Pip from Joe finally gives way before the deeper and stronger force of love , the reunion is marked by an embarrassed UNK at which Pip UNK : `` No , don't wipe it off -- for God's sake , give me your blackened hand '' ! ! 
 Pip's UNK UNK of Miss UNK , during which he UNK to kiss her hand , UNK his UNK to a supposed UNK who seems to be opening up for him a new world of glamour ; ; 
 when , on the journey to London that immediately follows , he UNK UNK to lay his hand upon the UNK at the end of the village , the wooden UNK symbolically UNK a spiritual frontier between innocence and the corruption of worldly vanity . 
 Incidentally , one cannot miss the significance of this gesture , for Dickens UNK it UNK in Pip's mind at another moral and psychological crisis -- his painful recognition , in a talk with Herbert Pocket , that his hopeless attachment to Estella is as UNK as it is romantic . 
 In both cases the UNK represents Pip's heightened awareness of contrary UNK . 
 A variety of hand movements helps UNK the moral climate of the fallen world Pip encounters beyond the forge . 
 The UNK attendance of the Pocket family upon Miss UNK is summed up in the UNK gestures of Miss UNK Pocket , who puts her hand to her throat in a UNK UNK of UNK choking , then lays it `` upon her heaving bosom '' with `` an unnatural UNK of manner '' , and finally kisses it to Miss UNK in a parody of the lady's own UNK toward Estella . 
 UNK hands throughout the novel serve to UNK UNK and UNK UNK . 
 We first see him shaking Mrs. Joe's hand on discovering the sizable amount of the premium paid to her husband for Pip's UNK as an apprentice and later pumping Pip's hands `` for the UNK time at least '' ( `` May I -- may I -- '' ? ? 
 ) in UNK UNK to Pip on his expectations . 
 We take leave of UNK as he UNK over Pip's loss of fortune , extending his hand `` with a magnificently UNK air '' and exhibiting `` the same fat five fingers '' , one of which he identifies with `` the finger of Providence '' and shakes at Pip in a UNK UNK of the latter's `` UNK '' and his own generosity as Pip's `` earliest UNK '' . 
 Pip first learns `` the UNK power of money '' from the UNK UNK , Mr. UNK , whose brutality to his boy helper exactly matches the financial resource of each new customer , and whose UNK hands touch `` the outside of each elbow '' and `` rub '' Pip out of the shop . 
 The respectability which money UNK implies a different UNK , and , upon taking up the life of a London gentleman , Pip must learn from Herbert Pocket that `` the spoon is not generally used UNK , but under '' . 
 The following items may be specified in actual or symbolic form in the UNK of those instructions which refer to the particular items : channel , unit , combined channel and unit , combined arm and file , unit record UNK , inquiry UNK , and alteration switches . 
 The declarative operation EQU is used to equate symbolic names to item numbers ( see page 85 ) . 
 UNK cards 
 Certain Autocoder statements make provision for more parameters than may be contained in the operand ( columns 21 - 75 ) of a single line on the Autocoder UNK sheet . 
 When this is the case , the appropriate section of this manual will indicate that `` UNK UNK '' may be used . 
 Thus , when specifically permitted , the operand of a given line on the Autocoder UNK sheet may be continued in the operand of from one to four additional lines which immediately follow . 
 The label and operation columns must be blank and the continuation of the operand must begin in column 21 ; ; 
 i.e. , it must be UNK in the operand column of the UNK sheet . 
 The operand need not extend across the entire operand column of either the UNK card or continuation cards but may end with the UNK following any parameter . 
 Remarks may appear to the right of the last parameter on each card provided they are separated from the operand by at least two blank spaces . 
 Illustrations of the use of continuation cards are included throughout the examples illustrating the various statements . 
 If a continuation card follows a statement that does not permit continuation cards , the compiler will generate a UNK and issue an error message . 
 Additional restrictions regarding the use of continuation cards with UNK appear on page UNK . 
 UNK of index words and electronic switches 
 The assignment of actual addresses to symbolic index word and electronic switch names occurs in Phase 3 , of the Autocoder processor . 
 The initial availability of index words and electronic switches is determined by a table which is included in the UNK Systems Tape . 
 This table originally indicates that index words 1 through 96 and electronic switches 1 through 30 are available for assignment to symbolic references ; ; 
 index words 97 through 99 are not available . 
 The initial setting of this table may be altered , however , as described in the 7070/7074 Data Processing System Bulletin `` IBM 7070/7074 UNK System : Operating UNK '' , form Aj . 
 During the first pass of Phase 3 , , references to the actual addresses of index words and electronic switches are collected and the availability table is UNK . 
 At the end of this pass , the table indicates which index words and electronic switches are not available for assignment to symbolic references . 
 Both index words and electronic switches may have been made unavailable before the start of assignment in one of the following ways . 
 1 . 
 The initial setting of the availability table indicated that the index word or electronic switch was not available for assignment . 
 2 . 
 The one- or two-digit number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of a symbolic machine instruction to specify UNK or as a parameter which is always an index word or electronic switch , e.g. , 3 . 
 The one- or two-digit number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of an EQU statement , e.g. , 
 When the index words or electronic switches are reserved because of actual usage in the statements described above , the position or order of the statements within the program is not important ; ; 
 any such reference will make the index word or electronic switch unavailable at the end of this pass . 
 During the assignment pass of Phase 3 , , index words and electronic switches are reserved as they are encountered during assignment . 
 Index words and electronic switches may be reserved in the following ways . 
 The first two methods apply to both index words and electronic switches ; ; 
 the third applies only to index words . 
 1 . 
 During the assignment pass , each instruction is examined for reference to the symbolic name of an index word or electronic switch . 
 When such a reference is found , an actual address is assigned and the availability table is changed so that the assigned index word or switch is no longer available for later assignment . 
 2 . 
 If the one- or two-digit address of an index word or electronic switch is used or is included in the operand of an UNK or UNK statement ( see page 99 ) , the corresponding index word or electronic switch is reserved . 
 3 . 
 If a statement has been assigned an address in the index word area 
 by means of an actual label or 
 by means of an origin statement which refers to an actual address , the corresponding index word will be reserved . 
 These entries should normally appear at the beginning of the program or immediately following each UNK statement . 
 Otherwise , symbolic names may have previously been assigned to these same index words . 
 ( This method does not apply to electronic switches . 
 ) 
 The preceding methods allow efficient use of index words and electronic switches during a UNK or UNK program , particularly when used in conjunction with the UNK statement . 
 UNK caution should be used , however , to avoid the conflicting usage of an index word or electronic switch which may result from the assignment of more than one name or function to the same address . 
 If the symbolic name or actual address of an index word or electronic switch appears or is included in the operand of an UNK or UNK statement ( see page UNK ) , the specified index word or electronic switch will again be made available , regardless of the method by which it was reserved . 
 It will not , however , be used for symbolic assignment until all other index words or electronic switches have been assigned for the first time . 
 If , at any time during the assignment pass , the compiler finds that there are no more index words available for assignment , the warning message `` No More Index Words Available '' will be placed in the object program listing , the table will be altered to show that index words 1 through 96 are available , and the assignment will continue as before . 
 If the compiler finds that there are no more electronic switches available for assignment , the warning message `` No More UNK UNK Available '' will be placed in the object program listing , the table will be altered to show that electronic switches 1 through 30 are available , and assignment will continue as before . 
 The resultant conflicting usage of index words or electronic switches may be avoided by reducing the number of symbolic names used , e.g. , through the proper use of the EQU , UNK , or UNK statements . 
 As noted in Appendix C , index words 97 through 99 are never available for assignment to symbolic names by the compiler ; ; 
 also , index words UNK through 96 may have been made unavailable for assignment . 
 UNK statements 
 Autocoder declarative statements provide the processor with the necessary information to complete the imperative operations properly . 
 UNK statements are never executed in the object program and should be separated from the program instruction area , placed preferably at its beginning or end . 
 Otherwise , special care must be taken to branch around them so that the program will not attempt to execute something in a data area as an instruction . 
 If the compiler does encounter such statements , a warning message will be issued . 
 7070/7074 Autocoder includes the following declarative statements : DA ( Define Area ) , DC ( Define UNK ) , UNK ( Define UNK Definition Word ) , UNK ( Define UNK ) , UNK ( Define Line ) , EQU ( UNK ) , UNK ( Define Tape File ) , DIOCS ( Define Input/Output Control System ) , and DUF ( UNK UNK For Unit Records ) . 
 DA , DC , UNK , and UNK require more than one entry . 
 The DA statement is used to name and define the positions and length of fields within an area . 
 The DC statement is used to name and enter constants into the object program . 
 Since the UNK and UNK make use of record definition words ( RDWS ) to read , write , move , and otherwise examine blocks of storage , the DA and DC statements provide the option of generating RDWS automatically . 
 When so instructed , Autocoder will generate one or more RDWS and assign them successive locations immediately preceding the area with which they are to be associated . 
 An UNK will be of the form Af , where UNK is the starting location of the area and UNK is its ending location . 
 These addresses are calculated automatically by the processor . 
 In some cases , it may be more advantageous to assign locations to RDWS associated with DA and DC areas in some other part of storage , i.e. , not immediately preceding the DA or DC areas . 
 The UNK statement may be used for this purpose . 
 The UNK statement may also be used to generate an UNK defining any area specified by the UNK . 
 As many as ten digital switches may be named and provided by the UNK statement for consideration by the UNK and logic UNK . 
 Each switch occupies one UNK position in a word , can be set on or off , and is considered as logically equivalent to an electronic switch . 
 It cannot , however , be referred to by electronic switch commands , e.g. , UNK , UNK , etc. . 
 An individual switch or the entire set of switches in a word may be tested or altered as desired . 
 Through use of the UNK statement , a means is provided for UNK both the editing of fields to be inserted in a print line area and the layout of the area itself . 
 The area may include constant information supplied by the UNK . 
 The area may also be provided with additional data during the running of the object program by means of UNK or move UNK . 
 The declarative statement EQU permits the UNK to equate symbolic names to actual index words , electronic switches , arm and file numbers , tape channel and unit numbers , alteration switches , etc. , and to equate a symbol to another symbol or to an actual address . 
 The DIOCS , UNK , and DUF statements are used when required by the Input/Output Control System . 
 DIOCS is used to select the major methods of processing to be used , and to name the index words used by Aj . 
 Each tape file must be described by Tape File UNK , produced by Aj . 
 In addition to information related to the file and its records , the File UNK contain UNK locations and the location of tape label information . 
 A DUF entry must be supplied for every unit record file describing the type of file and the unit record equipment to be used . 
 The DUF also supplies the locations of UNK written by the user that are unique to the file . 
 A full description of the DIOCS , UNK , and DUF statements is contained in the UNK Data Processing System Bulletin `` IBM UNK Input/Output Control System '' , form Aj . 
 UNK descriptions of these three declarative statements and detailed descriptions of the UNK and functions of each of the other 7070/7074 Autocoder declarative statements follow below . 
 UNK -- define UNK control system 
 When the Input/Output Control System is to be used in a program , a DIOCS statement must be used to select the major methods of processing to be used . 
 This statement also allows the naming of the index words used by Aj . 
 Source program format 
 The basic format of the DIOCS statement is as follows : UNK is any symbolic label ; ; 
 it may be omitted . 
 The entry DIOCS must be written exactly as shown . 
 The first item in the operand , UNK , is used to specify the first UNK index word for programs using tape files . 
 This item may be a symbolic name or an actual UNK or two-digit index word address in the range 3 - UNK . 
 If the first item in the operand is omitted , the symbolic name UNK will be assigned . 
 When an actual index word or a symbolic address is specified , Autocoder will equate the name UNK to it . 
 The second item in the operand , UNK , is used to specify the second UNK index word for programs using tape files . 
 This item may be a symbolic name or an actual UNK or two-digit index word address in the range 3 - UNK . 
 If the second item in the operand is omitted , the symbolic name UNK will be assigned . 
 When an actual index word or a symbolic address is specified , Autocoder will equate UNK to it . 
 In the Midwest , oxidation ponds are used extensively for the treatment of domestic sewage from suburban areas . 
 The high cost of land and a few operational problems resulting from excessive loadings have created the need for a UNK treatment system with the operational characteristics of the oxidation pond but with the ability to treat more organic matter per unit volume . 
 Research at Fayette , Missouri on oxidation ponds has shown that the BOD in the treated effluent varied from 30 to 53 mg/l with loadings from 8 to 120 lb . 
 Since experience indicates that UNK from oxidation ponds do not create major problems at these BOD concentrations , the goal for the effluent quality of the accelerated treatment system was the same as from conventional oxidation ponds . 
 Recent studies by Weston and UNK had indicated that a turbine aerator could be added to an oxidation pond to increase the rate of oxygen transfer . 
 Their study showed that it was possible to transfer 3 to 4 lb of oxygen / hr. / UNK 
 . 
 O'Connor and UNK discussed the use of aerated UNK for treating organic wastes . 
 They indicated that a UNK retention , aerated lagoon would give 60 to 76 per cent BOD reduction . 
 Later , UNK increased the efficiency of treatment to between 75 and 85 per cent in the summer months . 
 It appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the capacity of existing oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume . 
 Red Bridge UNK 
 With the development of the Red Bridge UNK south of Kansas City , Missouri , the developer was faced with the problem of providing adequate sewage disposal . 
 The sewage system from Kansas City was not expected to serve the Red Bridge area for several years . 
 This necessitated the construction of temporary sewage treatment facilities with an expected life from 5 to 15 Aj . 
 For the initial development an oxidation pond was constructed as shown in Figure 1 . 
 The oxidation pond has a surface area of UNK acres and a depth of 4 Aj . 
 The pond is currently serving UNK persons or 260 persons per acre . 
 In the summer of 1960 the oxidation pond became completely UNK and UNK obnoxious odors . 
 It was possible to maintain UNK conditions in the pond by regular additions of sodium UNK until the temperature decreased and the algae population changed from UNK to green algae . 
 The UNK conditions in the existing oxidation pond necessitated examination of other methods for supplying additional oxygen than by sodium UNK . 
 At the same time further expansion in the Red Bridge UNK required the construction of additional sewage treatment facilities . 
 The large land areas required for oxidation ponds made this type of treatment financially UNK to the developer . 
 It was proposed that aerated UNK be used to eliminate the problem at the existing oxidation ponds and to provide the necessary treatment for the additional development . 
 UNK lagoon 
 The lack of adequate data on the aerated lagoon system prompted the developer to construct an aerated lagoon pilot plant to determine its UNK for treating domestic sewage . 
 The pilot plant was a circular lagoon UNK ft in UNK at the surface and 65 ft in UNK at the bottom , 4 ft below the surface , with a volume of UNK Aj . 
 The side slopes were coated with UNK UNK coated with UNK to prevent erosion . 
 The pilot lagoon was located as shown in Figure 1 to serve the area just south of the existing housing area . 
 The major UNK was a shopping center with houses being added to the system as the subdivision developed . 
 The pilot lagoon was designed to handle the wastes from UNK persons with a UNK aeration period . 
 Initially , the UNK would be entirely from the shopping center with the domestic sewage from the houses increasing over an UNK period . 
 This operation would permit evaluation of the pilot plant , with a slowly increasing load , over a reasonable period of time . 
 The pilot plant was equipped with a UNK turbine aerator ( Figure 2 ) . 
 The aerator had a UNK drive to permit operation through a range of speeds . 
 The sewage flow into the treatment plant was metered and continuously recorded on 24-hr. charts . 
 The raw sewage was introduced directly under the turbine aerator to insure maximum mixing of the raw sewage with the aeration tank contents . 
 The effluent was collected through two pipes and discharged to the Blue River through a surface drainage ditch . 
 UNK 
 Composite samples were collected at weekly intervals . 
 The long retention period and the complete mixing concept prevented rapid changes in either the mixed liquor or in the effluent . 
 UNK samples would make any changes more readily discernible than daily samples . 
 The composite samples were normally collected over a 6-hr. period , but an occasional 24-hr. composite was made . 
 UNK of the operations of the shopping center permitted correlation of the 6-hr. composite samples with 24-hr. operations . 
 The data indicated that the organic load during the 6-hr. UNK was essentially 50 per cent of the 24-hr. organic load . 
 Grab samples were collected from the existing oxidation pond to determine its operating conditions . 
 UNK were made to take the grab samples at random periods so that the mass of data could be treated as a 6-hr. composite sample . 
 A single 24-hr. composite sample indicated that the sewage flow pattern and characteristics were typical . 
 UNK plant operations 
 The BOD of the UNK to the pilot plant varied between 110 and UNK mg/l with an average of 350 Aj . 
 This was equivalent to UNK UNK on a 24-hr. basis . 
 The BOD of the raw sewage was typical of domestic sewage from a subdivision . 
 The BOD in the effluent averaged 58 mg/l , a UNK reduction over the 24-hr. period . 
 UNK of the data in Table 1 , shows that a few samples contributed to raising the effluent Aj . 
 The periods of high effluent BOD occurred during cold periods when operational problems with the aerator resulted . 
 UNK caused the aerator to UNK , straining the drive belts . 
 The UNK of the drive belts caused the aerator to slow down and reduce oxygen transfer as well as the mixing of the raw sewage . 
 The organic loading on the unit averaged 32 lb of UNK or about 2 lb UNK UNK ft aeration capacity . 
 Needless to say , the organic load was very low on a UNK basis , but was UNK lb UNK on a surface loading basis . 
 It seems that the aerated lagoon was a very heavily loaded oxidation pond or a lightly loaded activated sludge system . 
 The flow rate remained relatively constant during the winter months as shown in Table 1 . 
 With the spring rains the flow rose rapidly due to infiltration in open sewers . 
 As construction progresses , the volume of storm drainage will be sharply reduced . 
 The retention period in the aerated lagoon ranged from UNK to 2.6 days , averaging UNK days . 
 The large amount of vegetable UNK from the grocery store in the shopping center created a suspended solids problem . 
 The vegetables were not readily UNK by the bacteria in the aeration unit and tended to UNK on the surface . 
 A skimming device at the effluent UNK prevented loss of most of these light solids . 
 The average volatile suspended solids in the effluent was 75 mg/l while UNK averaged UNK mg/l volatile suspended solids . 
 The average sludge age based on displacement of solids was calculated to be UNK days . 
 The oxygen uptake rate in the mixed liquor averaged 0.8 UNK during the first four months of this study . 
 Variations in aerator speeds during the latter two months of this study caused increased mixing and increased oxygen demand . 
 The increase in oxygen uptake rates from UNK to 2.6 UNK which followed an increase in rotor speed was believed to be related to UNK of solids which had settled at the lower rotor speeds . 
 It appeared that most of the mixed liquor suspended solids were active UNK solids with the heavier , less active solids settling out . 
 The suspended solids discharged in the effluent were found to be the major source of the Aj . 
 UNK of the suspended solids by a membrane filter yielded an average effluent containing only 20 mg/l Aj . 
 The BOD in the drainage ditch receiving the pilot plant effluent averaged 12 Aj . 
 This low BOD was due to removal of the excess suspended solids by UNK since the only dilution was surface UNK which was very low during this study . 
 UNK examination 
 UNK microscopic examinations were made of the mixed liquor as indicated by UNK and UNK for the various types of protozoa . 
 It was found that the aerated lagoon was an activated sludge system rather than an oxidation pond . 
 At no time were algae found in the mixed liquor . 
 The bacteria formed typical activated sludge UNK . 
 The UNK particles were all small as the heavier UNK settled out . 
 Initially , the UNK protozoa UNK , but they soon gave way to the free swimming UNK protozoa . 
 As the temperature decreased , the number of free swimming UNK protozoa decreased . 
 Very little protozoa activity existed below UNK . 
 When the temperature reached UNK all UNK activity ceased ; ; 
 but as the temperature rose , the numbers of protozoa increased rapidly . 
 Only once were stalked UNK found in the mixed liquor . 
 The UNK of free swimming UNK protozoa is indicative of a high bacterial population . 
 UNK transfer 
 One of the important aspects of this study was to determine the oxygen transfer relationships of the mechanical aerator . 
 UNK UNK were made for dissolved oxygen in the mixed liquor and for oxygen uptake rates . 
 The data given in Table 2 , show the routine operation of the aerator . 
 The dissolved oxygen in the aeration unit was consistently high until January 29 , 1961 . 
 An extended cold spell caused ice to build up on the aerator which was mounted on a floating platform and caused the entire platform to sink lower in the water . 
 The added resistance to the rotor damaged the drive belts and reduced the oxygen transfer capacity . 
 It was approximately one month before the belt problem was noticed and corrected , but at no time was there a deficiency of dissolved oxygen . 
 A series of eight special tests were conducted at different rotor speeds to determine the oxygen transfer rate . 
 Five of the tests were conducted with a polyethylene cover to simulate an ice cover . 
 The rate of oxygen transfer at UNK / UNK dissolved oxygen concentration and UNK for various rotor speeds is given in Table 3 . 
 The maximum rate of oxygen transfer at UNK mg/l dissolved oxygen was calculated as UNK UNK at a maximum rate of UNK Aj . 
 The actual power requirements indicated 2 lb. oxygen transfer / hr. / UNK . 
 The polyethylene cover reduced the oxygen transfer rate by 10 per cent , indicating that the maximum oxygen transfer is at the rotor rather than through the surface . 
 UNK pond 
 During this study UNK conditions developed in the oxidation pond in the spring when the ice melted . 
 Shortly after this study ended UNK conditions resulted which required the addition of sodium UNK . 
 The location of the oxidation pond in a UNK residential area makes odor UNK a sensitive problem for the developer . 
 The organic concentration in the UNK raw sewage ranged from 160 to UNK mg/l of BOD with an average of 230 Aj . 
 The BOD data are given in Table 4 . 
 A single 24-hr. composite sample had a BOD of 260 mg/l , indicating a typical domestic sewage . 
 The daily sewage volume to the oxidation pond averaged UNK UNK , giving a retention period of 42 days . 
 The organic loading on the pond was slightly under 60 lb. BOD / day / acre . 
 The effluent BOD averaged 34 mg/l , a little lower than that of the study at Fayette indicated for a loading of 60 lb. Aj . 
 The BOD of the effluent ranged from a minimum of 13 to a maximum of 47 mg. / UNK . 
 UNK examination of the effluent showed that minimum BOD occurred when the algae began to decrease with cold weather . 
 When the algae began to build up again , the effluent BOD rose . 
 During the two weeks when the algae disappeared from the effluent UNK in the effluent were 18 and 16 Aj . 
 Thus , the three main categories of antisubmarine warfare operations are defense of shipping , defense of naval forces , and area defense . 
 The last category UNK the others in UNK operations and near terminals and bases . 
 To effect these operations , five elements exist ( 1 ) surface , ( 2 ) air , ( 3 ) mines , ( 4 ) submarine , and ( 5 ) fixed installations . 
 UNK forces have been used to provide defense UNK around naval and merchant ship formations , air to furnish area surveillance , and mines for protection of limited areas . 
 UNK and shore installations are new elements . 
 The submarine now has a definite place in submarine defense particularly in denying enemy access to ocean areas . 
 Fixed installations offer possibilities for area detection . 
 Mine warfare is being UNK against submarine targets . 
 A sixth element , not always considered , is intelligence . 
 It includes operational intelligence of the enemy and knowledge of the environment . 
 UNK intelligence presumably will be available from our national intelligence agencies ; ; 
 intelligence on the environment will come from the recently augmented program in UNK . 
 The major postwar development is the certainty that these elements should not be considered singly but in combination and as being mutually supporting . 
 UNK for an over-all concept 
 Thinking on submarine defense has not always been clear-cut . 
 UNK of single elements tend to ensure UNK of that element without determining if it is justified , and the element with the most enthusiastic and UNK proponents has assumed the greatest importance . 
 Consequently , air , surface , and submarine elements UNK the mine , fixed installations , and intelligence . 
 These have sought more and more of what they have . 
 Each seems to strive for elimination of the necessity for the others . 
 This , despite postwar experience demonstrating that all elements are necessarily mutually supporting . 
 Thus , the most productive areas are not necessarily the most stressed . 
 This is stated to emphasize the necessity for an over-all concept of submarine defense , one which would provide positions of relative importance to UNK elements based on projected potentialities . 
 Then the enthusiasm and energy of all elements can be UNK to produce cumulative progress toward a common objective . 
 An over-all concept would have other advantages . 
 It would allow presentation to the public of a unified approach . 
 Now the problem is presented UNK and sometimes UNK . 
 While one element is announcing progress , another is UNK its problems . 
 The result can only be confusion in the public mind . 
 A unified concept can serve as a guide to budgeting and , if public support is gained , will command Congressional support . 
 UNK main criticism of the Navy's antisubmarine effort is that it cannot determine where any one company or industry can apply its skills and know-how . 
 Lacking guidance , industry picks its own areas . 
 The result , coupled with the salesmanship for which American industry is famous , is considerable expenditure of funds and efforts in marginal areas . 
 An over-all concept will guide industry where available talents and facilities will yield greatest dividends . 
 Therefore , a broad concept of over-all submarine defense is needed for UNK of the Navy's efforts , for a logical presentation to the public , for industry's guidance , and as a basis for a program to the Congress . 
 UNK involved in an over-all concept 
 That which follows will be a discussion of principles and possible content for an over-all concept of antisubmarine warfare . 
 Russia possesses the UNK of submarines in the world , divided between her various UNK . 
 Some are also in UNK and others are on loan to Egypt . 
 Other countries which may willingly or UNK become Communist can furnish bases . 
 Communist target areas can be assumed , but there is no certainty that such assumptions coincide with Soviet intentions . 
 UNK can come from almost any direction against many locations . 
 UNK , then , the first principle of the plan must be that it is not rigidly oriented toward any geographical area . 
 It is often stated that the submarine can be destroyed while building , at bases , in transit , and on station . 
 UNK of the enemy's building and base complex , however , requires attacks on enemy territory , which is possible only in event of all-out hostilities . 
 In transit or on station , it may not be possible to attack the submarines until commission of an overt act . 
 The Communists are adept at utilizing hostilities short of general war and will do so whenever it is to their advantage . 
 Therefore the second principle of the plan must be that , while providing for all-out hostilities , its effectiveness is not dependent on general war . 
 UNK warfare does not involve UNK between large opposing forces , with the decision a result of a single battle . 
 It is a war of attrition , of single actions , of an exchange of losses . 
 This exchange must result in our ending up with some effective units . 
 Initially , having fewer units of some elements -- especially submarines -- than the opponent , our capabilities need to be sufficiently greater than theirs , so that the exchange will be in our favor . 
 Therefore , the third principle of the plan must be that it does not depend for effectiveness on engagement by the same types , unless at an assured favorable exchange rate . 
 The submarine has increased its effectiveness by several orders of magnitude since World War 2 . 
 Its speed has increased , it operates at increasingly greater depths , its submerged endurance is becoming unlimited , and it will become even more silent . 
 The next developments will probably be in UNK . 
 The missile can gradually be expected to replace the UNK . 
 As detection ranges increase , weapons will be developed to attack other submarines and surface craft at these ranges . 
 Therefore , the fourth principle of the plan must be that it provide for continuously increasing capabilities in the opponent . 
 No element can accomplish the total objective of submarine defense . 
 Some elements support the others , but all have limitations . 
 Some limitations of one element can be compensated for by a capability of another . 
 Elements used in combination will increase the over-all capability more than the sum of the capabilities of the individual elements . 
 Therefore , the UNK fifth principle must be that it capitalize on the capabilities of all elements in combination . 
 UNK the submarine defense problem can be solved by sufficient forces . 
 Numbers would be astronomical and current fiscal policies make this an impractical solution . 
 UNK , aircraft procurement , and weapon programs indicate that there will not be enough of anything . 
 Therefore , any measures taken in peacetime which will decrease force requirements in war will contribute greatly to success when hostilities occur . 
 Therefore , the sixth principle of the plan must be that it concentrate on current measures which will reduce future force requirements . 
 The world is constantly changing ; ; 
 what was new yesterday is UNK today . 
 The seventh principle of the plan is self-evident ; ; 
 it must be flexible enough to allow for technological UNK , scientific progress , and changes in world conditions . 
 UNK elements in UNK operations 
 To this point the need for an over-all plan for submarine defense has been demonstrated , the mission has been stated , broad principles UNK its content laid down , and the supporting elements listed . 
 Before considering these elements in more detail , an additional requirement should be stated . 
 Large area coverage will accomplish all other tasks . 
 Therefore , because reduction in tasks results in reduction of forces required , the plan should provide for expanding area coverage . 
 But it must be remembered that the plan should not be oriented geographically . 
 Consequently , the system giving area coverage ( if such coverage is less than world wide ) must be flexible and hence at least partially mobile . 
 Since effective area coverage appears fairly remote , the requirement can be borne in mind while considering the elements : air , surface , UNK , fixed installations , mines , and intelligence . 
 These are arranged approximately in the order of the UNK of their proponents but will be discussed in the reverse order in the hope that the true order of importance will result . 
 Intelligence , as used UNK , will include information on possible opponents and on the environment which can affect operations . 
 These can be referred to as operational intelligence and environmental intelligence . 
 In submarine defense these must have maximum stress . 
 Good operational intelligence can ensure sound planning , greatly reduce force requirements , and increase tactical effectiveness . 
 UNK intelligence is just as important . 
 The ocean presently UNK with the target . 
 Full knowledge of the science of UNK can bring the environment to our side , resulting in an increase in effectiveness of equipment and tactics , a decrease in enemy capabilities , and the development of methods of UNK on the environment . 
 Therefore , improved intelligence will result in reduced force requirements and , as it supports all other elements , rates a top priority . 
 UNK intelligence is important , but of equal importance is its translation into usable form . 
 A program is needed to translate the results of UNK research into tactical and operating instructions . 
 UNK this problem on a statistical basis is invalid , because the opponent has the same sources available and will be encountered not under average conditions , but under the conditions most advantageous to him . 
 Therefore , the UNK commander must have detailed operating instructions based on measurement of conditions , in the area , at the time of encounter . 
 All capabilities must be used to maximum advantage then . 
 Temperature , wind , oxygen content , depth , bottom character , and animal life are the chief environmental variables . 
 There may be others . 
 Variations in sound velocity should be measured rather than temperature , because more of the variables would be UNK . 
 These variations must eventually be measured UNK as well as UNK . 
 Progress in predicting water conditions is encouraging , but little guidance is available to the man at sea on the use of such information . 
 A concurrent effort is needed to make UNK data useful on the spot . 
 Mine warfare has in the past been directed against surface targets . 
 By its nature it has always been of great psychological advantage and small efforts have required considerably greater UNK . 
 Mines are being increasingly oriented against submarine targets . 
 They are still considered to be for use in restricted waters , however , and targets must come within a few yards of them . 
 Mines need to be recognized as a major element in UNK warfare employment , extended to deep water , and have their effective area per unit increased . 
 Mines can be used to deny access to great areas ; ; 
 they are difficult to counter , cost little to maintain until required , and can be put into place quickly . 
 A most attractive feature is that detection and attack are combined in a single package . 
 UNK employment will reduce force requirements . 
 For example , effective mine barriers from Florida to Cuba and across the UNK Channel from Cuba to Mexico would remove all requirements for harbor defense , UNK patrol , UNK escort , shipping control , and mine defense for the entire Gulf of Mexico . 
 More extended systems , covering all passage into the Caribbean , would free the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico from the previously listed requirements . 
 Systems covering the Gulf of St. Lawrence and possibly the entire coasts of the United States are not impossible . 
 Such mine defense systems could permit concentration of mobile forces in the open UNK with consequent increase in the probability of success . 
 The advantages inherent in mine warfare justify as great an importance for this element as is accorded any of the other elements . 
 Fixed installations are increasingly advocated as the problem of area defense emerges . 
 The proponents are scientific and technical men who exercise considerable influence on their military counterparts . 
 Systems which detect submarines over wide areas are attractive , although they can be only `` UNK UNK '' . 
 Mobile forces are required to UNK and attack detected targets , since the systems are not capable of UNK a target . 
 Such systems are expensive and are oriented geographically . 
 In an over-all UNK concept , dependence on and effort expended for such systems should be limited to those with proven capabilities . 
 No general installation should be made until a model installation has been proved and its maximum capability determined . 
 In addition , proposals for fixed installations should be carefully weighed against a counterpart mobile system . 
 Fixed installations will always lack the flexibility that should be inherent in naval systems . 
 The submarine has become increasingly attractive as an antisubmarine weapon system . 
 It operates in its UNK environment , and any advantage gained therefrom by the target is shared by the attacker . 
 But the submarine is a weapon of ambush and therefore always in danger of being UNK . 
 Two UNK ( 1 , and 2 ) ) of UNK acid ( UNK ) which act as UNK for the UNK of UNK by UNK bacteria are UNK from Aj . 
 The 7 UNK of UNK are incorporated directly into metabolite 2 ( ( as shown with both UNK and UNK Af ) . 
 Thirty-five of the 36 carbon atoms arise from Aj . 
 All 28 UNK of metabolite 1 ( ( a product of mild acid hydrolysis of 2 ) arise from Aj . 
 UNK 1 , isolated from the medium , however , showed a lower specific activity , which indicates UNK synthesis of this metabolite . 
 UNK acid hydrolysis of metabolite 1 , destroyed the biological activity of the compound and liberated two UNK UNK . 
 UNK A has been obtained in crystalline form as a UNK salt and free base . 
 UNK evidence tentatively indicates that the molecule ( metabolite 1 ) ) is UNK at a secondary UNK bond . 
 ( N. H. UNK ; ; 
 chemical studies are being pursued with the cooperation of UNK UNK . 
 ) studies on UNK 
 -- Research on UNK in mammalian sera was continued . 
 One of the most interesting findings was the extreme sensitivity of plasma UNK to rare earth ions . 
 The inhibition of the enzyme by very low concentrations of UNK ion is probably the strongest known biological effect of rare earth salts . 
 Various metal ions have been found to protect plasma UNK against UNK by UNK and UNK . 
 The effects can be related to the structure of this enzyme . 
 The UNK of serum and red blood cell UNK was also established . 
 Furthermore , the hydrolysis of UNK was studied in mammalian sera , and it was found that it is UNK by albumin ( or a factor attached to it ) in addition to UNK . 
 UNK UNK can distinguish the two activities . 
 UNK on the acceleration of human plasma UNK were carried further . 
 ( E. G. UNK , L. E. UNK , C. D. UNK ) UNK studies on modified fibrous proteins 
 -- UNK and UNK methods were used to demonstrate the UNK of UNK UNK and UNK acid . 
 ( R. V. Rice ) 
 A method was devised for extracting and UNK UNK UNK UNK ( UNK ) . 
 It was observed that UNK UNK are the same diameter ( 15 UNK ) but much longer ( up to several microns ) than UNK UNK . 
 This unusual UNK also was shown to undergo a reversible thermal phase transformation . 
 ( R. V. Rice , M. D. UNK ) studies on UNK and UNK 
 -- This investigation involved several aspects . 
 UNK Z , an active UNK UNK , was purified by extraction in organic UNK and repeated column chromatography ; ; 
 UNK electrophoresis and paper chromatography were used in preliminary structural studies ; ; 
 UNK effects in vitro on isolated surviving organs and in vivo on blood pressure were UNK ; ; 
 special equipment required for registering UNK and for recording the contraction of smooth muscles under various conditions was developed by the UNK Section ( Victor UNK , W. C. Barnes , J. F. UNK ) ; ; 
 and enzymes which terminate the action of UNK such as UNK and perhaps UNK Z were studied . 
 Experiments are in progress to develop ultraviolet UNK techniques for UNK these enzymes and for studying their sensitivity to metal ions . 
 ( E. G. UNK , C. D. UNK , A. G. UNK , W. B. UNK , E. M. UNK ) seed proteins 
 -- In a UNK study of seed proteins , the UNK of the Brazil nut have been investigated . 
 In addition to the known principal globulin , UNK , three other UNK distinct components have been observed . 
 A UNK protein of quite low molecular weight ( UNK 10,000 ) has also been found in this system and partly characterized . 
 ( E. F. UNK , H. J. UNK ) 
 continuum mechanics and UNK 
 theory of UNK fluids 
 -- On the basis of a UNK assumption in function space , it is possible to prove that , for materials having the property that the stress is given by a functional of the history of the deformation gradients , the classical theory of UNK UNK is valid when the deformation has been UNK for all times in the past . 
 By strengthening the UNK assumption , it has been possible to derive second and higher order theories of UNK . 
 In the UNK theory , one of the normal stress differences can be calculated from the UNK stress relaxation function . 
 ( B. D. UNK with Walter UNK , Department of UNK , Carnegie Institute of Technology ) viscoelastic measurements 
 -- An extensive series of measurements was made on a UNK polyethylene in a UNK UNK instrument using forced UNK UNK , free vibration , and creep measurements over the temperature range of Af to UNK . 
 As many as seven decades of the time scale were thus covered UNK . 
 The simple UNK equivalence valid for many amorphous systems did not hold here . 
 It was possible , however , to UNK the compliance into a sum of a UNK component and two viscoelastic mechanisms , each compatible with the UNK UNK principle and with a consistent set of UNK equivalence factors . 
 ( UNK UNK , UNK UNK , UNK UNK ) 
 UNK 
 trace elements in tektites , meteorites , and related materials 
 -- The results of UNK of tektites ( natural glasses of unknown origin ) for gallium and germanium have shown that these glasses are probably produced from terrestrial ( or less likely from lunar ) matter by impact of a celestial body . 
 The gallium / germanium ratio is higher than that for ordinary UNK , UNK , or UNK matter as a result of selective UNK of the components of the UNK . 
 UNK UNK is less volatile than UNK ( the main constituent of tektites ) and germanium UNK is more volatile . 
 UNK ( tektites from Australia ) give the appearance of a second melting . 
 In conformity with this conclusion a higher trace gallium content was found in the portion ( UNK ) that has undergone a second melting . 
 The UNK fractions of stony meteorites show gallium / germanium ratios similar to those of tektites because they too have undergone melting at some point in their histories . 
 UNK Desert UNK , another natural glass , is composed of nearly pure UNK and has the same trace germanium content as sands in the area . 
 The gallium content , however , has been enhanced UNK . 
 This glass is probably formed from UNK Desert sands by UNK or UNK impact . 
 UNK meteorites with sufficient kinetic energy to produce large terrestrial explosion craters may nevertheless melt only small quantities of material . 
 Most of the impact energy is spent in crushing and fragmentation . 
 When rapid UNK follows melting , impact glasses may result . 
 These always contain metallic UNK . 
 UNK glasses not containing elemental UNK may have been produced by stony meteorites or UNK . 
 No meteorites have ever been recovered from UNK craters , and recent craters containing impact glass have all been produced by metallic meteorites with the exception of UNK UNK , UNK , Western UNK Desert . 
 This UNK contains impact glass with no metallic UNK and no meteoritic material has been recovered . 
 ( A. J. UNK , John UNK ) 
 inorganic chemistry 
 Preparation of a coordination compound is often accomplished by the simple method of reacting a metal salt with a UNK in a suitable solvent such as an alcohol . 
 By applying this general principle , a great number of complex compounds of UNK , UNK , UNK , and UNK , with UNK , UNK , and UNK have been obtained in this laboratory during the past few years . 
 ( UNK UNK , E. M. UNK , J. W. UNK ) In the absence of direct evidence to the contrary , decomposition of solvent alcohol and coordination of its fragments to the metal were not considered , following the above UNK assumption in UNK coordination chemistry . 
 Recent work with UNK and UNK UNK as UNK , however , has given evidence that UNK and UNK complexes may be readily formed by reaction with alcohol in some of these systems . 
 Some of the previously reported compounds have thus been UNK and a series of new UNK and UNK compounds discovered , the more representative examples being Af , Af , Af , Af and Af ( Af ) . 
 The coordination complexes formed by transition metals with primary and secondary UNK and UNK are being investigated ( R. G. UNK ) . 
 UNK interest is directed towards the condensation of these UNK with metal UNK to form substituted UNK or UNK complexes . 
 During the past year , these UNK have yielded some unusual UNK complexes of nickel ( 2 ) and some interesting UNK UNK complexes of UNK ( 2 ) ( see figure ) , as well as new compounds of the well-known type Af . 
 The structures , properties , and reactions of these compounds are being studied . 
 In another study UNK aluminum UNK and related species , prepared UNK by UNK hydrolysis , are being characterized and investigated UNK in the ultraviolet region with a view to identification and UNK estimation of the phases formed under varying UNK conditions . 
 ( J. A. UNK , N. L. UNK ) 
 structure and properties of UNK 
 elasticity of UNK networks 
 -- The theory of elasticity of UNK networks has been developed on a more general basis and the equations of state relating variables of pressure , volume , temperature , stress and strain have been precisely formulated . 
 Simple UNK has been treated in detail . 
 The various UNK UNK for constancy of volume and strain , constancy of pressure and strain , and constancy of pressure and length have been interrelated . 
 The UNK accompanying UNK and the simultaneously developed UNK of UNK have been related to the UNK . 
 In continuation of these theoretical studies , a more precise UNK of the effects of UNK in network structure is sought . 
 ( P. J. UNK , C. A. J. UNK ) chain UNK of UNK chains 
 -- Recent theoretical work to calculate the dimensions of UNK chains by UNK and UNK has been extended to include more general types of chains . 
 The UNK UNK distance of the UNK chain has been calculated in reasonable agreement with values deduced from viscosity data . 
 These studies are being extended to different polymers to increase our knowledge about the UNK to rotation around chain bonds . 
 ( C. A. J. UNK , A. A. UNK ) UNK in polymers and UNK 
 -- The UNK of UNK UNK Af units UNK with a minor percentage of Af is limited by the inability of the crystal UNK characteristic of the former to accommodate the bulky side group of the latter . 
 Only uninterrupted sequences of the former are eligible for formation of UNK . 
 UNK on the lengths of these sequences UNK the stability of the comparatively short UNK which can be formed , and this is reflected in a broadening of the melting range . 
 ( Robert Chiang , J. B. Jackson , P. J. UNK ) UNK executed melting studies on this system ( M. J. Richardson ) permit quantitative estimation of the instability engendered by reduced UNK length . 
 The complex UNK of UNK UNK is necessarily dependent on the same factor . 
 Hence , the present studies offer a possible basis for interpretations in the latter field . 
 UNK of muscle 
 -- UNK muscle , in the presence of the physiological agent ( UNK ) responsible for delivering energy to the UNK active proteins of muscle , has been shown to undergo a contraction which is highly sensitive both to temperature and to solvent composition in mixtures of UNK and water . 
 Experiments carried out over long periods of time in order to allow establishment of a steady state have shown that the onset of contraction and its completion are confined to an interval of several degrees UNK and to a concentration range of only several per cent . 
 The contraction therefore UNK of the character of a phase transition . 
 While UNK appears to be necessary for the occurrence of contraction , its presence and UNK hydrolysis of it by the muscle protein UNK are not the only criteria for contraction . 
 ( C. A. J. UNK , P. J. UNK ) anionic UNK 
 -- One of the principal aims of anionic polymerization techniques is the synthesis of polymers of extremely narrow molecular weight distribution . 
 A simple process for the preparation of nearly UNK UNK of predictable molecular weight has been developed . 
 The preparation of such products is not new , but the systems heretofore employed in UNK have commanded considerable experimental skill and starting materials of a high purity . 
 In the new process impurities present in the solvent ( UNK ) , the UNK , and in the reaction system which would cause UNK of propagation centers , are rendered inactive prior to polymerization by gradual addition of UNK , a mixture of UNK and UNK UNK , at a temperature low enough to suppress chain growth . 
 Upon completion of the UNK step , additional UNK appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added , and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature , at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion . 
 The UNK of the molecular weights was found to be within 10% for the polymers prepared , with Af ratios less than UNK . 
 Contrary to observations with UNK , no apparent change of the reactivity of the chain ends takes place over considerable periods of time in UNK as solvent . 
 Organization : 
 In this publication measurements of interfacial angles of crystals are used to classify and identify chemical substances . 
 T. V. Barker , who developed the UNK system , was about to begin the systematic compilation of the index when he died in 1931 . 
 The compilation work was undertaken by a number of interested UNK in the Department of Mineralogy of the University Museum at Oxford . 
 Since 1948 the working headquarters has been the Department of UNK and Mineralogy . 
 UNK cooperating individuals in Great Britain , Holland , the United States , and UNK have contributed UNK or by making calculations . 
 Great interest and practical help have been given by the Barker Index Committee . 
 Financial and material help have come from academic , governmental , and industrial organizations in England and Holland . 
 UNK for UNK 1 , and 2 , were M. W. Porter and the late R. C. UNK , both of Oxford University . 
 A third volume remains to be published . 
 Substances : 
 Volume 1 , deals with UNK compounds belonging to the UNK , UNK and UNK , and UNK systems ; ; 
 and Volume 2 , , with about UNK UNK substances . 
 Volume 3 , , in preparation , will treat the UNK compounds described in Groth's Chemische Krystallographie . 
 Properties : 
 The Barker system is based on the use of the smallest number of interfacial angles necessary for UNK purposes . 
 Other morphological , physical , and optical property values are also given . 
 Sources of data : 
 The index is essentially a new treatment of previously compiled morphological data . 
 Most of the data used are from Groth's Chemische Krystallographie . 
 Criticality : 
 Every calculation has been made independently by two workers and checked by one of the editors . 
 Use of nomenclature , symbols , units , physical constants : 
 UNK UNK symbolism has been used ; ; 
 other symbols related to the index necessarily have been introduced . 
 Currency : 
 This publication covers the old literature ( Groth ) ; ; 
 there is no mechanism for keeping the volumes up to date . 
 Format : 
 The publication form is that of UNK books . 
 The data are presented in lists and tables . 
 Part 1 in both volumes is labeled `` Introduction And Tables '' . 
 The tables include those for the classification angles , UNK indices , and melting points of the various types of crystals . 
 Part 2 of Volume 1 , and Parts 2 and 3 of Volume 2 , contain the crystal descriptions . 
 These are grouped into sections according to the crystal system , and within each section compounds are arranged in the same order as in Groth's Chemische Krystallographie . 
 An alphabetical list of chemical and UNK names with reference numbers enables one to find a particular crystal description . 
 UNK to the data sources are given in the crystal descriptions . 
 Publication and distribution : 
 The Barker index is published for the Barker Index Committee by W. UNK & Sons , Ltd. , 4 UNK UNK , Cambridge , England . 
 Volume 1 , containing Parts 1 and 2 was published in 1951 ; ; 
 Volume 2 , , in three parts , in 1956 . 
 The two volumes are available from the publisher for UNK and UNK , respectively . 
 UNK . 
 Crystal data 
 organization : 
 The present edition of crystal data was written by UNK UNK , the Johns Hopkins University , Baltimore , Md. ( Part 2 ) ) and Werner UNK , University of UNK , Switzerland ( Part 1 ) ) with the collaboration of UNK UNK , U. S. Geological Survey , Washington , D. C. . 
 Many collaborators in the United States and Switzerland helped in collecting and assembling data , in making calculations , and in editing . 
 UNK came from academic and industrial groups in these two countries . 
 The Geological Society of America gave a UNK to complete the work and bore the expenses of publication . 
 Preparation of a second edition is in progress under the sponsorship of the Crystal Data Committee of the American UNK Association . 
 UNK are UNK UNK , G. E. Cox of UNK University , and Olga UNK of the National Council for Medical Research , London . 
 Financial grants have been received from the National Science Foundation and the ( British ) Institute of UNK for the compilation work and the publication costs . 
 The continuity of the project is suggested by plans for an eventual third edition . 
 Substances : 
 Elements , UNK , inorganic and organic compounds . 
 ( UNK data will not be included in the second edition , since these have been collected independently by W. B. Pearson , National Research Council , UNK , and published as A UNK of UNK UNK and structures of metals and UNK by UNK Press . 
 ) properties : 
 UNK data resulting mainly from X-ray and electron diffraction measurements are presented . 
 UNK dimensions , number of formula units per cell , space group , and specific gravity are given for all substances . 
 For some substances , auxiliary properties such as the melting point are given . 
 Sources of data : 
 Part 1 , of the present edition covers the literature to UNK ; ; 
 Part 2 , , up to the end of 1951 . 
 Much of the material comes directly from secondary sources such as UNK . 
 Criticality : 
 The vast number of compounds to be covered , the limited resources to do the job , and the immediate need for this type of compilation UNK a thorough evaluation of all available data in the present edition . 
 Future editions may be more critical . 
 Use of nomenclature , symbols , units , physical constants : 
 Since Parts 1 , and 2 , were prepared independently , the UNK schemes and the chemical symbols used differ in the two parts . 
 The second edition should have greater uniformity . 
 Currency : 
 A second edition is in preparation , and there are long range plans for a third . 
 Format : 
 Data in the present edition are presented in tables and lists . 
 Part 1 , deals with the classification of crystalline substances by space groups and is not a numerical data compilation . 
 The compounds are divided according to composition into seven categories . 
 Part 2 , contains UNK tables for the identification of crystalline substances . 
 These are arranged according to crystal system . 
 There are formula and name UNK covering both parts . 
 UNK for Part 1 , are given at the end and for Part 2 , in the tables . 
 Publication and distribution : 
 The present edition of crystal data ( Af ) , published in 1954 as UNK 60 of the Geological Society of America , is now out of print . 
 The manuscript of the second edition will probably be ready by the end of 1960 . 
 UNK . 
 Crystal UNK 
 organization : 
 The author of Crystal UNK is Ralph UNK UNK , University of Arizona , UNK , Arizona . 
 The first section of this publication appeared in 1948 and the last supplement in 1960 . 
 Though now complete , the publication is included in this directory because of its importance and because of the long-term nature of its preparation . 
 Substances : 
 Elements , inorganic and organic compounds ( no UNK ) . 
 Properties : 
 The data presented are derived almost entirely from X-ray diffraction measurements and include atomic coordinates , cell dimensions , and atomic and ionic radii . 
 Sources of data : 
 Published literature . 
 Criticality : 
 The aim was to state the results of all available UNK of atomic positions in crystals . 
 Presumably the tabulated data are best available values . 
 The critical comments in the UNK sections of this publication are invaluable . 
 Use of nomenclature , symbols , units , physical constants : 
 The terminology used conforms to that of UNK UNK UNK UNK Von UNK . 
 Currency : 
 During the years of publication , supplement and replacement sheets were issued periodically . 
 UNK of the literature extends through 1954 and includes some 1955 references . 
 It is to be hoped that some way will be found to keep this important work current . 
 Format : 
 The publication form is that of UNK sheets ( Af ) contained in UNK . 
 The book is divided into chapters and in each chapter the material is grouped into Text , Tables , Illustrations , and UNK . 
 Each group is UNK separately ; ; 
 numbers sometimes followed by letters are used so that UNK can be made . 
 UNK structures are found in Chapters 2 - 12 , organic structures in Chapters 13 - 15 . 
 Within each chapter an effort has been made to group together those crystals with similar structures . 
 There are three UNK , i.e. , an inorganic formula index , a UNK name index , and a name index to organic compounds . 
 Publication and distribution : 
 UNK of Crystal UNK is UNK UNK , 250 Fifth Avenue , New York 1 , N. Y. . 
 The work consists of four sections and 5 supplements . 
 Price of the complete work including all necessary UNK is UNK . 
 UNK . 
 UNK System Of Mineralogy 
 organization : 
 Six editions of James Dwight UNK System appeared between UNK and 1892 . 
 In 1915 Edward S. UNK , editor of the sixth edition , asked W. E. Ford of Yale University to prepare a seventh edition of his father's work . 
 A number of people became involved in the preparation but work was slow until 1937 . 
 In that year a grant was obtained from the UNK Fund of the Geological Society of America to finance additional full-time workers . 
 Money was also advanced by the publishers , John Wiley & Sons , Inc. . 
 Volume 1 , was completed in 1941 and published in 1944 . 
 The editors of this volume and Volume 2 , were the late Charles UNK , Clifford UNK , and the late Harry Berman , all of Harvard University . 
 Work on Volume 2 , was begun in 1941 , interrupted by the war in 1942 , and resumed in 1945 . 
 The volume was completed in 1950 and published in 1951 . 
 A supplementary grant from the Geological Society of America helped finance its publication . 
 Besides the editors there were many contributors in the United States and Great Britain to UNK 1 , and 2 . 
 W. E. Ford , for example , continued to supply data on the occurrence of minerals until his death in 1939 . 
 Volume 3 , is nearing completion and there are plans to revise Volume 1 . 
 The project is currently supported by Harvard University . 
 Substances : 
 minerals . 
 Properties : 
 UNK , physical , optical , and chemical properties . 
 The UNK data given include UNK angles and unit cell dimensions ; ; 
 the physical property values include UNK , melting point , and specific gravity . 
 Sources of data : 
 Almost entirely original articles in journals ; ; 
 UNK and other UNK on rare occasions when original papers are not available . 
 Criticality : 
 All information is carefully UNK and uncertain facts are designated by ( UNK . 
 ) An authentic diffraction pattern is always obtained and optical properties are frequently checked . 
 Use of nomenclature , symbols , units , physical constants : 
 UNK of international authorities , such as the International Union of UNK , are followed . 
 There is a complete UNK at the beginning of each species description . 
 Currency : 
 Currency in the usual sense cannot be maintained in an undertaking of this sort . 
 Format : 
 The data are presented in text and tables in bound volumes . 
 Volume 1 , of the seventh edition contains an introduction and data for eight classes of minerals ; ; 
 Volume 2 , contains data for UNK classes . 
 UNK are given at the end of each mineral description and a general index is given at the end of each volume . 
 There will be a comprehensive index in Volume 3 , covering all three volumes . 
 Publication and distribution : 
 Volume 1 ( ( Af ) of the seventh edition of UNK System Of Mineralogy was published in 1944 and Volume 2 ( ( Af ) in 1951 by John Wiley & Sons , Inc. , New York , N. Y. . 
 ( The association of Wiley & Sons with the UNK UNK dates back to 1844 when they published the second edition of the system . 
 ) The two volumes are available from the publisher for UNK and UNK , respectively . 
 UNK . 
 The Groth Institute 
 organization : 
 `` The Groth Institute '' , which was established in 1958 , is a group activity affiliated with the UNK Department of The Pennsylvania State University , University Park , Pa. . 
 Ray UNK is the Director . 
 The Institute derives its name from Paul Von Groth's Chemische Krystallographie , a UNK work which appeared between UNK and 1919 . 
 The resident staff is large and consists of professional assistants , graduate students , UNK , librarian , technical editor , machine operators , secretarial help , and others . 
 There are also corresponding members and outside advisory groups . 
 The Air Force Office of Scientific Research has provided financial assistance in the early stages of the UNK program . 
 Substances : 
 All crystalline substances and other UNK materials . 
 Properties : 
 The aim is to collect a very broad range of physical , chemical , morphological , and structural data for crystals on an UNK scale and to seek all possible useful and revealing UNK of properties with internal structure . 
 Sources of data : 
 The first stage of operation has centered on the literature UNK of critical or UNK UNK such as the Barker Index . 
 UNK of primary literature will follow . 
 UNK data will be available to the Groth institute from cooperating groups and individuals . 
 Criticality : 
 UNK evaluation of all data compiled is not a primary aim of this project . 
 However , the proposed correlation of the many interrelated properties of crystals will reveal discrepancies in the recorded data and suggest areas for UNK . 
 In addition , the availability of computers will permit UNK and refinement of much structural information . 
 Use of nomenclature , symbols , units , physical constants : 
 For UNK or tape storage of information all literature values must be UNK to a common language . 
 In this way a degree of unification of nomenclature , symbols , and units will be realized . 
 Because individual classes of foods differ in their requirements for preservation , a number of methods have been developed over the years involving one or a combination of procedures such as UNK , UNK , UNK , chemical treatment , canning , refrigeration , and freezing . 
 The basic objectives in each instance are to make available supplies of food during the intervals between UNK or slaughter , to minimize losses resulting from the action of microorganisms and insects , and to make it possible to transport foods from the area of harvest or production to areas of consumption . 
 In earlier years , the preservation of food was essentially related to survival . 
 In the more sophisticated atmosphere of today's developed nations , food-preservation techniques have sought also to bring variety , peak freshness , and optimum taste and flavor in foods at reasonable cost to the consumer . 
 With the development of nuclear technology , UNK materials , and machine radiation sources in recent years , the possibilities of applying ionizing radiation to the preservation of foods attracted the attention of investigators in the United States and throughout the world . 
 An early hope that irradiation might be the ultimate answer to practically all food preservation problems was soon dispelled . 
 Interest remained , however , in the possibility that it would serve as a useful supplementary method for UNK spoilage losses and for preserving some foods at lower over-all costs than freezing , or without employing heat or chemicals with their attendant taste alterations . 
 Factors responsible for the spoilage of foods 
 The chief factors responsible for the spoilage of fresh UNK are ( 1 ) microorganisms such as bacteria , molds , and UNK , ( 2 ) enzymes , ( 3 ) insects , ( 4 ) sprouting , and ( 5 ) chemical reactions . 
 UNK are often responsible for the rapid spoilage of foods . 
 Of special concern is the growth of bacteria such as UNK UNK which generate poisonous products . 
 UNK action in stored food produces changes which can UNK affect the appearance of food or its palatability . 
 UNK by chemical action results from the reaction of one group of components in the food with others or with its environment , as in corrosion of the walls of metal containers or the reaction of fats with oxygen in the air to produce UNK . 
 UNK is a naturally occurring phenomenon in stored potatoes , onions , UNK , UNK , and similar root vegetables . 
 UNK UNK is a problem of importance chiefly in stored grain . 
 The presence of UNK organisms such as UNK UNK in pork introduces another factor which must be dealt with in food processing . 
 To permit the storage of food for long periods of time , a method of preservation must accomplish the destruction of microorganisms and inhibition of UNK action . 
 The term `` sterilization '' applies to methods involving essentially complete destruction of all microorganisms . 
 Food treated in this manner and protected from UNK by UNK methods of packaging and UNK presumably could be stored for long periods without refrigeration . 
 The process of `` UNK '' involves UNK and less prolonged heat treatment which UNK the destruction of most , but not all , of the microorganisms . 
 Less severe thermal treatment as by blanching or UNK serves to UNK enzymes . 
 General effects of ionizing radiation 
 UNK radiation can cause the destruction of microorganisms and insects involved in food spoilage or , at lower doses , can inhibit their action . 
 It furnishes a means of destroying insects in stored grain products as well as certain UNK organisms present in meats . 
 UNK of enzymes is also possible , although some types require extremely heavy doses of 10 UNK or more . 
 Because of undesirable UNK , odors , colors , and generally low palatability associated with radiation treatment of this magnitude , the UNK of enzymes is best accomplished prior to irradiation by the conventional UNK methods of blanching . 
 Radiation does not UNK the chemical spoilage of food . 
 It will , however , inhibit the sprouting of potatoes and other root vegetables . 
 The radiation doses required for the preservation of foods are in the following ranges : 1 . 
 For radiosterilization , to destroy all organisms for long-term preservation -- about UNK UNK for UNK foods of low salt content . 
 2 . 
 For radiopasteurization , to partially destroy microorganisms ; ; 
 results vary with types of food , storage conditions , and objectives of treatment -- commonly of the order of 0.2 UNK but up to about 0.8 Aj . 
 3 . 
 For destruction of insects -- about 25,000 Aj . 
 4 . 
 For UNK the sprouting of root vegetables -- UNK to 10,000 Aj . 
 UNK foods with ionizing radiation leads to some undesirable side effects , particularly at the higher radiation dosages . 
 In this respect , the general palatability and individual acceptance of most UNK foods has , to date , been found to be low in comparison with fresh and commercially processed foods . 
 A number of foods are quite acceptable as regards taste and palatability , however , at dosages substantially less than sterilization levels . 
 Moreover , the UNK value of irradiated foods apparently UNK little , if any , change , although some of the UNK vitamins are affected by sterilization doses . 
 Radiation sources 
 For irradiation of food , the results obtained depend upon the dose rather than the specific type of radiation , and X-ray , gamma , and high-energy electron radiation are suitable . 
 Aside from availability and economic considerations , each has certain practical advantages ; ; 
 for example , gamma rays give deeper penetration but cannot be focused or UNK , whereas UNK electron beams may be split and directed to both the top and bottom of the food package to be irradiated . 
 UNK of a source for commercial irradiation would involve consideration of numerous factors including required dose rate , load factor , UNK , convenience , safety , and most important , costs . 
 Of the potentially useful sources of ionizing UNK , gamma sources , UNK , UNK , fission products , or a reactor irradiation loop system using a material such as an UNK salt have received most attention for food-preservation systems . 
 Of the various particle UNK , the Van De UNK machines , resonant UNK , and linear UNK are the principal ones available for commercial use . 
 Costs of the effective energy produced by these sources is a major obstacle in the development of food-preservation processes . 
 UNK production costs of radiation energy from machine and UNK sources range from $1 to $10 per Aj . 
 UNK energy for processing foods is available in the range of at most a few cents per UNK for electric power and the equivalent of a few mills per UNK for process steam . 
 Radiation , therefore , is at an initial cost disadvantage even though only 1 to 10 per cent as much radiation energy as heat energy is required for radiopasteurization or radiosterilization . 
 What are the possibilities of lowered radiation production costs for the future ? ? 
 It has been estimated that for applications on a UNK scale costs might reach values in the neighborhood of 10 cents per UNK for large-scale UNK or for gamma radiation generated in a reactor core . 
 No comparable reductions in the cost of UNK radiation are foreseen . 
 Such projections , however , appear highly speculative and the capacities involved are far beyond those foreseen for food-preservation facilities . 
 Because agricultural activities are seasonal and the areas of production and harvest of many foods are widely scattered geographically , and because of the high cost of UNK bulk food items any substantial distance to a central processing location , the use of large central processing stations , where low-cost radiation facilities approaching the UNK range might be utilized , is UNK UNK . 
 Present status of irradiation preservation of foods 
 The objective of complete sterilization of foods is to produce a wholesome and UNK product capable of being stored without refrigeration for extended periods of time . 
 Chief interest in radiosterilization resides in the military services . 
 For them , providing UNK food under battle or emergency conditions is a paramount consideration . 
 They require completely sterile foods capable of being stored without refrigeration , preferably items already cooked and ready to eat . 
 High UNK value , variety , palatability , and UNK appearance are important for reasons of morale . 
 Foods for rear stations , which require cooking , but no refrigeration , are also of interest . 
 Of primary interest are meats . 
 UNK , which produces fewer adverse sensory changes in food products , has potential usefulness in UNK the keeping qualities of fresh and refrigerated food items . 
 Thus , food so processed might reach more remote markets and permit the consumer to enjoy more produce at peak freshness and palatability . 
 UNK interest is chiefly in this type of treatment , as is military interest under peacetime conditions . 
 The present status of food preservation by ionizing radiation is discussed by food classes in the following paragraphs . 
 UNK 
 The radiation processing of meat has received extensive investigation . 
 To date , the one meat showing favorable results at sterilization doses is pork . 
 Of particular interest to the military services is the demonstration that roast pork , after radiosterilization , is superior in palatability to available canned pork products . 
 UNK with beef have been largely unsuccessful because of the development of UNK . 
 A prime objective of the Army UNK Corps program is to find the reasons for UNK low palatability and means of overcoming it , since it is a major and desirable dietary item . 
 UNK because UNK heat treatment is needed to UNK enzymes before radiosterilization , treated fresh meats have the appearance of boiled or canned meat . 
 UNK is a less severe problem with the radiopasteurization of meats , but problems of commercial UNK remain . 
 UNK radiation doses of from 100,000 to 200,000 UNK can extend the shelf life ( at 35 F ) of fresh beef from 5 days to 5 or 6 weeks . 
 However , the problem of consumer UNK remains . 
 The UNK blanching process UNK the treated beef and liquid UNK in UNK cuts . 
 UNK beef irradiated in the absence of oxygen assumes an unnatural pink color . 
 When lamb and UNK are irradiated at UNK doses , the meat becomes UNK , the fat becomes UNK , and , again , unnatural changes in color occur . 
 UNK meats such as fresh pork UNK and hamburger have a relatively short shelf life under refrigeration , and radiopasteurization might be thought to offer distinctly improved keeping qualities . 
 However , a major problem here is one of scale of processing ; ; 
 ground meats are usually prepared from scrap meats at the local level , whereas irradiation at economic volumes of production would require central processing and distribution facilities . 
 The problems of color change by blanching and liquid accumulation within the package are the same as for solid cuts . 
 UNK cooked items containing meat portions , as in `` frozen dinners '' might offer a potential use for radiopasteurization . 
 The principal potential advantage would be that the finished product could be transported and stored at lower cost under refrigeration instead of being frozen . 
 A refrigerated item could also be heated and served in less time than is required for frozen foods of the same type . 
 UNK processes for preserving meats are by canning and freezing . 
 Costs of canning meat are in the range of 0.8 to 5 cents per pound ; ; 
 costs of freezing are in the area of 2 to 3.5 cents per pound . 
 The table on page 10 shows costs of canning and freezing meat , and estimated costs for irradiation under certain assumed conditions . 
 Under the conditions of comparison , it will be noted that : ( 1 ) 
 UNK ( at 3 UNK ) is more expensive than canning , particularly for the UNK source . 
 ( 2 ) 
 UNK by either the electron accelerator or UNK source is in the range of freezing costs . 
 ( 3 ) 
 UNK using the UNK source is more expensive than use of an electron accelerator . 
 UNK 
 Results of irradiation tests with poultry have been quite successful . 
 At UNK doses , good palatability results , with a minimum of changes in appearance , taste , and odor . 
 UNK has also been successful , and the shelf life of chicken can be extended to a month or more under refrigerated storage as compared with about 10 days for the UNK product . 
 UNK taste and odor are retained by the irradiated and refrigerated chicken . 
 UNK of radiopasteurization is likely to be delayed , however , for two reasons : ( 1 ) the storage life of fresh chicken under refrigeration is becoming a minimal problem because of constantly improved sanitation and distributing practices , and ( 2 ) treatment by UNK , a measure already approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration , serves to extend the storage life of chicken at a low cost of about 0.5 cents per pound . 
 UNK 
 Fresh UNK products are extremely UNK . 
 Although refrigeration has served to extend the storage life of these products , substantially increased consumption might be possible if areas remote from the UNK could be served adequately . 
 Furthermore , it has made an exact assessment of the removal mechanisms possible . 
 The instrument is shown in Fig. 1 and consists essentially of a hard , sharp , tungsten UNK knife which is pushed along the substrate to remove the coating . 
 The force required to accomplish removal is plotted , by means of an electronic recorder , against distance of removal . 
 Since the removal force is a function of coating thickness , a differential UNK pickup has been incorporated into the instrument to accurately measure film thickness . 
 This , too , is recorded against distance by a repeat run over the same track previously cut . 
 A number of adjustment features are included in the Hesiometer to facilitate measurement and permit ready removal of coatings deposited on such UNK as iron and other metals , glass , wood , and plastic surfaces . 
 The measurement of UNK on UNK can also readily be carried out . 
 Hesiometer results have been found to compare excellently with manual knife scratching tests . 
 The instrumental method , however , is about 100 times more sensitive and yields numerical results which can be accurately repeated at will over a period of time . 
 If a UNK coating of increasing thickness is removed from a substrate by an instrument like the Hesiometer with a knife of constant rake angle , a number of removal mechanisms are often observed which depend upon the thickness of the coating . 
 At low UNK a cutting ( or shearing ) phenomenon is often encountered . 
 As the coating becomes thicker , the cutting may abruptly change to a cracking type of failure . 
 If the coating becomes still thicker , a peeling type failure finally can occur . 
 The typical appearance of these various mechanisms is illustrated in Figs. 2 , 3 , and 4 , which are single frame UNK of high speed movies taken during the course of the knife removal process . 
 It can be seen from Fig. 2 that the cutting removal of a coating from its substrate involves pure cohesive failure of the coating . 
 The molecular forces holding the coating to the substrate are obviously greater than the cohesive strength of the coating and failure occurs by shear along a plane starting at the tip of the knife and extending to the coating surface . 
 The pictures of Figs. 3 and 4 show the cracking and peeling types of removal where the coating is detached by failure in a region at , or close to , the UNK between coating and substrate . 
 If the force required to remove the coatings is plotted against film thickness , a graph as illustrated UNK in Fig. 5 may characteristically result . 
 Here , H is the coatings removal force measured parallel to the surface of the substrate and T is the film thickness . 
 It can be seen that the force is characteristic of the removal process and changes abruptly from cutting to cracking to peeling removal . 
 Also , it can be readily seen that the cutting and peeling types of failure show a steady state response , while the cracking mechanism is of a dynamic nature . 
 It should be recalled that these three mechanisms can occur on the same coating deposited upon the same substrate merely as a function of changes in coatings thickness . 
 Presumably the interfacial bond strength and gross cohesive properties are identical in each case . 
 What then , are the factors that contribute to these phenomena ? ? 
 Why should the `` practical UNK '' of a coating as assessed by a knife method change , initially increasing rather rapidly and then decreasing UNK to very low values as the knife is forced through a coating of increasing thickness ? ? 
 Cutting mechanism of cohesive failure 
 The cutting ( or shearing ) removal process has been previously described . 
 It was found that the coating is separated from its substrate entirely by cohesive failure . 
 The details of the removal process are shown UNK in Fig. 6 . 
 The various forces result from the reaction of the removed paint chip against the face of the knife and along the shear plane , which makes an angle **yf with the substrate . 
 The action and reaction forces are R and Af , respectively , and are equal and opposite in direction . 
 All the other force vectors are derived from these . 
 Af is the force required to cut a coating of thickness T from the substrate . 
 Af is the shear force along the shear plane ; ; 
 Af and Af are the thrust forces acting against coating and knife , respectively ; ; 
 Af is the normal UNK force acting on the shear plane ; ; 
 Af is the friction force between chip and knife surfaces , and P is the normal force acting on the face of the knife . 
 **yc is the rake angle of the knife ; ; 
 **yf is the angle the shear plane makes with the substrate ; ; 
 **yt is the friction angle ; ; 
 and UNK is the angle the resultants make with the plane of the substrate . 
 An analysis of the vector relationships shows that the rake angle **yc and the friction angle **yt determine the vector direction Af of the force resultants R and Af . 
 Consequently , both the rake angle of the knife as well as the friction occurring between the back of the removed coating and the front of the knife will determine in large part the detailed mechanism of the cutting removal process . 
 It is difficult to measure the direction and magnitude of R directly . 
 In actual practice , the values most readily UNK to measurement are the cutting force Af and the shear angle Aj . 
 These two values and the rake angle **yc are sufficient to determine the other parameters of these relationships . 
 **yc is defined by the geometry of the knife ; ; 
 **yf can readily be determined by measuring the thickness of the coating before and after cutting from the substrate ; ; 
 Af is UNK determined . 
 From Fig. 6 the relationship between these parameters can readily be derived and the cutting force is Af where **yl is the shear strength of the coating and is a parameter of the coatings material , W is the width of the removed coating and T is its thickness . 
 If the cutting force , Af , is plotted against film thickness , a straight line should result passing through the origin and having slope Af . 
 However , in the actual assessment of the cutting force by instrumental methods for any thickness of coating a number of UNK effects occur which must be taken into account and which make the measured value larger than the true cutting force indicated by UNK ( 1 ) . 
 UNK knife 
 One of these is the fact that the knife employed , no matter how well sharpened , will have a slightly rounded cutting edge . 
 This UNK that **yc , the rake angle , is no longer a constant to zero film thickness . 
 The curvature of this UNK is , in the case of the UNK knife employed in the Hesiometer , determined by the grain sizes of the polished UNK and the tungsten UNK crystals cemented together in the knife body and is in the order of 0.1 to 0.2 UNK . 
 The force vector concept of Fig. 6 can readily be applied to this condition also . 
 Because the rake angle Af at the tip of the knife is very much smaller ( or even negative ) when compared to the value of **yc for the major portion of the knife , a very rapid increase in cutting force with thickness will result . 
 This reduces to the relationship : Af , where Af is the intercept at zero thickness of the UNK of the slope indicated in UNK ( 1 ) , Af is the thickness of the coating equivalent to the rounding off of the knife tip , Af is a straight line first approximation of this UNK , and the other symbols are equivalent to those of UNK ( 1 ) . 
 It can be seen that Af is a constant , and is determined for the most part by the geometry of the knife . 
 The UNK the knife , the higher is the value of Af . 
 The importance of a hard , UNK knife material like the UNK employed in the Hesiometer immediately becomes apparent . 
 UNK knives would blunt very rapidly , making the value of Af UNK . 
 In extreme cases of very soft knives this value may even change during the course of a measurement . 
 UNK friction 
 A second factor which enters into the practical measurement of the UNK determined cutting force is the UNK resistance caused by the bottom of the knife against the substrate . 
 This is not a constant value like Af , but varies with the thickness of the coating and the direction and magnitude of the resultants R and Af of Fig. 6 . 
 Under equilibrium conditions of cutting the chip UNK a thrust Af against the knife which tends to push it into the substrate or lift it away from the substrate depending on the vector direction of Af . 
 The resultant friction force , Af is thus directly proportional to Af and consequently also to film thickness . 
 The value of Af can readily be assessed by determining the UNK force exerted on the knife while running over the previously stripped coating track under various external loadings . 
 A straight line relationship is usually observed in a plot of Af against load L , having slope UNK , and Af . 
 Since the load L , under actual cutting conditions is caused by Af , it can be seen that Af 
 . 
 The measured force , H , in cutting removal of coatings from their UNK consequently can be seen to be the sum of that force required to cut the coating , Af , that due to the UNK of the knife , Af , and that due to the friction between the bottom of the knife and the substrate , Af , or Af . 
 The first two forces are directly interrelated and depend upon film thickness , whereas Af is independent of these two and is a constant for a given UNK combination . 
 These theoretical relationships are more clearly illustrated in Fig. 7 and their sum can be seen to UNK in form with practical measurements made with the Hesiometer as illustrated in the first portion of Fig. 5 for the cutting mechanism . 
 UNK mechanism of cohesive failure 
 Although a large number of coatings systems , particularly at low UNK fail UNK by the cutting mechanism , frequently a second type of cohesive failure may also take place . 
 This is a chipping , dynamic type failure encountered with very UNK coatings UNK or very highly UNK films . 
 This is shown in the UNK of Fig. 8 . 
 The basic difference between the continuous cutting mechanism and that of the chipping mechanism is that instead of shear occurring in the coating ahead of the knife continuously without UNK , UNK UNK occurs along the shear plane . 
 The detailed mechanisms of this type of failure have been studied extensively by Merchant for metal cutting , and the principles found can be directly applied to coatings . 
 By studying high speed movies made of this type of failure , the sequence of relationships as UNK illustrated in Fig. 9 could be observed . 
 In the first picture ( UNK ) the knife is just beginning to advance into the inclined surface which was left from the previous chip formation . 
 In the next , the shear plane angle is high , and extends to the inclined work surface . 
 With increasing advance of the knife into the coating the shear plane extends to the coatings surface and the shear angle rapidly decreases . 
 Eventually , UNK occurs along the shear plane ( UNK ) , and the cycle repeats itself . 
 Merchant has found that the same basic relationships which describe the geometry and force systems in the case of the cutting mechanism can also be applied to the UNK chip formation provided the proper values of instantaneous shear angle and instantaneous chip thickness or cross-sectional area are used . 
 Consequently , if the shear angle **yf is replaced by the UNK angle Af , the relationships as described in UNK ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 4 ) , and ( 6 ) will directly apply . 
 The cracking mechanism 
 Under equilibrium cutting conditions , the chip UNK a force Af against the coating and an equal opposite force Af against the knife in the plane of the substrate as shown in Fig. 6 . 
 If the rake angle **yc of the knife is high enough and the friction angle **yt between the front of the knife and the back of the chip is low enough to give a positive value for Af , the resultant vector R will lie above the plane of the substrate . 
 Within only a few years , foamed plastics materials have managed to grow into an integral , and important , phase of the plastics industry -- and the end is still not yet in sight . 
 Urethane foam , as only one example , was only introduced commercially in this country in 1955 . 
 Yet last year's volume probably topped 100 million lb. and expectations are for a market of 275 million lb. by UNK . 
 Many of the other foamed plastics , particularly the UNK , show similar growth potential . 
 And there are even newer foamed plastics that are yet to be evaluated . 
 As this issue goes to press , for example , one manufacturer has announced an UNK foam with outstanding UNK and impact strength ; ; 
 another reports that a UNK UNK , primarily for use in wire coating applications , is being investigated . 
 On the following pages , each of the major commercial foamed plastics is described in detail , as to properties , applications , and methods of processing . 
 It might be well to point out , however , some of the newer developments that have taken place within the past few months which might have a bearing on the future of the various foamed plastics involved . 
 In urethane foams , for example , there has been a definite trend toward the UNK materials ( which are now available in UNK rigid foam systems ) and the emphasis is definitely on one-shot molding . 
 Most manufacturers also seem to be concentrating on formulating UNK or UNK grades of urethane foam that are aimed specifically at the burgeoning building markets . 
 Urethane foam as an UNK is also coming in for a good deal of attention . 
 In one outstanding example , UNK Corp. found that by switching to urethane foam insulation , they could increase the storage capacity of gas UNK to make them competitive with electric models . 
 Much interest has also been expressed in new techniques for processing the urethane foams , including spraying , UNK , and molding ( see article , p. UNK for details ) . 
 And in meeting the demands for urethane foam as a garment UNK , new UNK and new methods of UNK foam to a substrate have been developed . 
 New techniques for automatic molding of expandable styrene UNK have helped boost that particular material into a number of new consumer applications , including picnic chests , beverage UNK , flower pots , and UNK swimming toys . 
 Two other UNK areas which contributed to expandable UNK growth during the year were packaging ( molded UNK replacing complicated cardboard units ) and UNK building panels . 
 UNK expandable styrene film or sheet -- claimed to be competitive UNK with paper -- also showed much potential , particularly for packaging . 
 UNK panels for building utility shelters that consist of UNK paper skins and rigid styrene foam UNK also aroused interest in the construction field . 
 In vinyl foam , the big news was the development of techniques for coating fabrics with the material ( for details , see P. UNK ) . 
 Better `` hand '' , a more luxurious feel , and better UNK properties were claimed to be the result . 
 Several companies also saw possibilities in using the technique for UNK or molding vinyl products with a slight UNK core that would reduce costs yet would not affect physical properties of the end product to any great extent . 
 UNK interested in additional information on foams are referred to the UNK UNK Chart appearing in the Technical Data section and to the list of references which appears below . 
 Urethane foams 
 Since the UNK UNK , when urethane foam first made its appearance in the American market , growth has been little short of fantastic . 
 Present estimates are that production topped the UNK mark in 1960 ( 85 to 90 million lb. for flexible , 10 or 11 million lb. for rigid ) ; ; 
 by 1965 , production may range from 200 to 350 million lb. for flexible and from UNK to 150 million lb. for rigid . 
 The markets that have started to open up for the foam in the past year or so seem to justify the expectations . 
 UNK UNK , as just one example , can easily take millions of pounds ; ; 
 foamed refrigerator insulation is under intensive evaluation by every major manufacturer ; ; 
 and use of the foam for garment UNK is only now getting off the ground , with volume potential in the UNK . 
 Basic chemistry 
 Urethane foams are , basically , reaction products of UNK materials and UNK ( usually UNK UNK ) . 
 UNK can be either one of two types -- carbon UNK gas generated by the reaction of water on the UNK or mechanical blowing through the use of a UNK liquid such as a UNK UNK . 
 The most important factor in determining what properties the UNK will have is quite naturally the type of UNK compound that is used in its production . 
 UNK , the main types used were various compositions of UNK . 
 These are still in wide use today , particularly in UNK formulations , for such applications as UNK for UNK structural panels , UNK insulation , automotive safety UNK , arm rests , etc. . 
 More recently , UNK -- again in varied compositions , molecular weights , and UNK -- have come into use at first for the flexible foams , just lately for the UNK . 
 The polyether UNK are claimed to give flexible UNK a UNK action which is much desired in cushioning . 
 Although the first polyether foams on the market had to be produced by the UNK prepolymer method , today , thanks to new UNK , they can be produced by a one-shot technique . 
 It is possible that the polyether foams may soon be molded on a production basis in low-cost molds with more intricate contours and with superior properties to UNK foam . 
 The polyester urethane foam is generally produced with UNK acid UNK ; ; 
 the polyether group generally consists of foams produced with UNK UNK or UNK UNK modified with a UNK . 
 One shot vs. prepolymer 
 In the prepolymer system , the UNK and resin are mixed UNK and no foaming occurs . 
 The foaming can be accomplished at some future time at a different location by the addition of the correct proportion of UNK in solution . 
 In one-shot , the UNK , polyester or polyether resin , UNK , and other additives are mixed directly and a foam is produced immediately . 
 UNK , this means that simpler processing equipment ( the mixture has good flowing characteristics ) and less external heat ( the foaming reaction is UNK and develops internal heat ) are required in one-shot foaming , although , at the same time , the problems of controlling the conditions of one-shot foaming are critical ones . 
 Properties 
 Most commercial uses of urethane foams require UNK between 2 and 30 lb. / cu. ft. for rigid foams , between 1 and 3 lb. / cu. ft. for flexible foams . 
 This latter figure compares with UNK foam rubber at an average of UNK lb. / cu. ft. in commercial grades . 
 UNK strength : 
 UNK in Fig. 1 , p. UNK , indicates how the ratio of UNK strength to density varies as the latter is increased or decreased . 
 The single curve line represents a specific formulation in a test example . 
 By varying the formula , this curve may be moved forward or backward along the coordinates to produce any desired compression strength / density ratio . 
 UNK conductivity and temperature resistance : 
 In flexible urethane foams , we are referring to the range between the highest and lowest temperatures under which the UNK primary performance remains UNK useful . 
 In temperature resistance , this quality is usually related to specific properties , e.g. , flexural , tensile strengths , etc. . 
 UNK conductivity is directly UNK to the UNK porous , UNK construction which effectively traps air or a gas in the maze of minute bubbles which form its composition . 
 These air or gas bubbles make highly functional thermal barriers . 
 The K factor , a term used to denote the rate of heat transmission through a material ( UNK ft. of UNK of thickness ) ranges from UNK to UNK for flexible urethane foams and from UNK to UNK for rigid urethane foams , depending upon the formulation , density , cell size , and nature of blowing agents used . 
 Table 1 , , p. UNK , shows a comparison of K factor ratings of a number of commercial UNK materials in common use , including two different types of rigid urethane foam . 
 UNK strength : 
 This term refers to the ability of a material to resist bending stress and is determined by measuring the load required to cause failure by bending . 
 The UNK urethane UNK foams usually have stronger UNK fatigue resistance , i.e. , the 12 lb. / cu. ft. foam has 8 times the flexural strength of the 3 lb. / cu. ft. density . 
 Note that flexural strength is not always improved by simply increasing the density , nor is the change always proportional from one formulation to another . 
 Where flexural strength is an important factor , be sure that your urethane foam processor is aware of it . 
 UNK strength : 
 This property refers to the greatest UNK stress or tension a material can endure without tearing apart . 
 ( like compression strength of urethane foams , it has a direct relationship to formulation . 
 ) UNK tensile strength is another of urethane UNK strong features . 
 Figure 2 , above , shows the UNK properties of urethane foams as determined by the percent of change in tensile strength during exposure to ultra-violet light . 
 Processing UNK 
 There are many ways of producing a foamed urethane product . 
 The foam can be made into slab stock and cut to shape , it can be molded , it can be UNK , it can be applied by spray guns , etc. . 
 UNK stock is still one of the most important forms of urethane UNK in use today . 
 UNK , the foam machines that produce such stock consist of two or more pumping units , a variable UNK , a nozzle carriage assembly , and , in many cases , a UNK belt to transport and contain the liquid during the reaction process and until it UNK into foam . 
 The ingredients are fed from tanks through a hose and into the UNK at a UNK rate . 
 The mixing head moves back and forth slowly across the width of the UNK . 
 It only takes a few minutes for the foaming action to be completed and after a short cure , the material can be cut into lengths as desired . 
 Much has been done in the way of ingenious UNK to UNK the slab stock into finished products . 
 Profile cutting machines are available which can split foam to any desired thickness and produce sine , triangle , UNK , and other UNK in variable heights , dimensions , etc. . 
 The UNK sheets can be combined to attain certain cushioning effects mechanically rather than chemically . 
 Also available is a UNK which `` UNK '' the inside of a folded block of foam and can be used to slit continuous sheets up to 300 UNK in length , down to UNK in. thick . 
 The low cost and ease of fabrication of the dies for three-dimensional foam cutting plus the wide variety of shapes , dimensions , and contours that can be UNK to customer requirements has made the technique useful for producing case UNK , materials handling containers , packaging and cushioning devices , and such novelties as soap dishes , toys , head rests , arch supports , and gas pedal covers . 
 UNK 
 Although slab stock appeared first , it soon became apparent that for the production of UNK with irregular shapes , crowned contours , or rounded edges , the cutting of slab stock is a wasteful and UNK process . 
 Only by UNK to molding techniques can the cushion manufacturer hope to compete satisfactorily in the established cushion market . 
 The closed molding of flexible urethane foams has been a problem ever since the introduction of the material ( molding in open molds was more feasible ) . 
 UNK methods for polyester foams and even prepolymer polyether foams were never fully achieved . 
 UNK molding generally resulted in parts weighing more ( because of higher density ) than parts UNK from UNK foams . 
 This UNK the gain from having no scrap loss . 
 In addition , there were difficulties with the flow and spreading of the foam mixture over the mold surface , trouble with lack of UNK strength in the rising foam , and problems of UNK . 
 The introduction of one-shot polyether foam systems , aided by the development of new UNK , helped to alleviate some of the problems of closed molding . 
 While there are still many bugs to be UNK out , the technique is fast developing . 
 Other techniques 
 Simple systems are available that make it possible for urethane foam components to be poured , UNK , etc. , into a void where they foam up to fill the void . 
 In a typical application -- the making of rigid urethane foam sandwich panels -- an amount of foam mixture calculated to expand 10 to 20% more than the volume of the panel is poured into the panel void and the top of the panel is locked in place by a jig . 
 Temperature of the wash and rinse waters is maintained at 85 - UNK ( 29 - UNK ) . 
 The top rolls are loaded with 40 lbs. . 
 UNK lbs. loading is possible but 40 lbs. is adequate . 
 The suds box drain is arranged at the start to deliver into the raised main drain pipe ( thus returning suds to soap box ) and the machine is started . 
 The UNK bath containing the calculated amount of detergent is applied slowly and directly to the running specimen . 
 UNK is continued for 30 minutes or for a period of time sufficient to allow 100 UNK or passes through the squeeze rolls . 
 At the conclusion of the washing , 8 UNK of water at UNK ( UNK ) are automatically metered from the rinse reservoir to the washing tubs , 4 UNK to each tub . 
 This operation requires from 10 to 12 minutes . 
 During the rinsing operation the volume in the tubs gradually increases until UNK from the main drain begins . 
 At this point the drains are UNK so that the suds box drain will discharge directly into the waste line and the main tub drain is set at the UNK mark on the drain gauge . 
 When all of the rinse water has passed from the reservoir to the tubs the main drains are lowered to permit complete UNK of the tubs . 
 The run is complete when all the water has drained off into the waste line . 
 By this procedure rinsing progresses in two stages , first by dilution until the time when the drains are separated and thereafter by displacement of the UNK liquor by clean rinse water , since soiled liquor squeezed from the specimens at the UNK passes directly to waste from the suds box drains . 
 This method of rinsing appears to produce maximum cleansing with minimum soil UNK . 
 UNK evaluation and classification 
 UNK may be made on either a UNK or a UNK basis as desired . 
 A UNK instrument may be desirable to measure cleaning , whereas UNK extraction is necessary to measure grease removal . 
 Purpose and scope 
 This test method is intended for determining the dimensional changes of woven or knitted fabrics , made of fibers other than wool , to be expected when the cloth is subjected to laundering procedures commonly used in the commercial laundry and the home . 
 Four washing test procedures are established , varying in severity from very severe to very mild , and are intended to cover the range of practical washing from commercial procedure to hand washing . 
 Five drying test procedures are established to cover the range of drying techniques used in the home and commercial laundry . 
 Three methods for determining the dimensional UNK characteristics are established for those textiles which require restoration by ironing or wearing after laundering . 
 These tests are not accelerated and must be repeated to evaluate dimensional changes after repeated UNK . 
 Table 1 , UNK all of the various washing , drying , and restoration procedures available . 
 The person using these tests must determine which combination of procedures is practical for any specific item in order to evaluate the dimensional changes of textile fabrics or garments after laundering procedures commonly used in the home or commercial laundry . 
 It is possible to identify the test procedure completely with a code consisting of a Roman UNK , a letter , and an Arabic number . 
 For example Test 3 , E 1 refers to a specimen which has been washed by procedure `` 3 ( '' ( at UNK ) for a total of 60 minutes in the machine , has been dried in a UNK UNK by procedure `` E '' and has been subjected to restorative forces on the UNK UNK by procedure `` 1 '' . 
 UNK 
 A specimen or garment is washed in a cylindrical reversing wash wheel , dried and subjected to restorative forces where necessary . 
 Temperature and time of agitation in the wash wheel are varied to obtain different degrees of severity . 
 UNK procedures and application of restorative force procedures are varied to conform with UNK handling during home or commercial laundering . 
 UNK marked on the specimen in warp and filling directions ( or UNK and courses for knitted fabrics ) are measured before and after laundering . 
 UNK and materials 
 wash wheel -- cylindrical wash wheel of the reversing type . 
 The wheel ( cage ) is 20 to 24 inches inside diameter and 20 to 24 inches inside length . 
 There are three fins each approximately three inches wide extending the full length of the inside of the wheel . 
 One UNK is located every UNK around the inside diameter of the wheel . 
 The wash wheel UNK at a speed of 30 revolutions per minute , making five to ten revolutions before reversing . 
 The water UNK are large enough to permit filling the wheel to an UNK level in less than two minutes , and the outlet is large enough to permit discharge of this same amount of water in less than two minutes . 
 The machine is equipped with a pipe for injecting live steam that is capable of raising the temperature of water at an UNK level from UNK to UNK ( UNK to UNK ) in less than two minutes . 
 The machine shall contain an opening for the UNK of a thermometer or other equivalent equipment for determining the temperature of the water during the washing and rinsing procedures . 
 It is equipped with an outside water gauge that will indicate the level of the water in the wheel . 
 A domestic automatic UNK that will give equivalent results may be used . 
 The wash wheel is the equipment preferred for the test . 
 UNK equipment -- flat-bed press measuring 24 inches by 50 inches or larger . 
 Any flat-bed press capable of pressing a specimen 22 inches square may be used as an alternative . 
 The flat-bed press is maintained at a temperature not less than UNK ( UNK ) . 
 UNK -- UNK of the rotary UNK type , having a cylindrical basket approximately 30 inches in diameter and 24 inches in length and rotating at approximately 35 UNK . 
 The UNK is provided with a means of maintaining a drying temperature of UNK - UNK ( UNK - UNK ) , measured in the exhaust vent as close as possible to the drying chamber . 
 UNK drying UNK -- UNK screening ( UNK or UNK ) . 
 UNK room -- facilities for UNK or UNK . 
 UNK -- UNK UNK of the UNK with a UNK basket , approximately 11 inches deep by 17 inches in diameter , with an operating speed of approximately UNK UNK . 
 UNK and ink , indelible -- or other suitable marking device . 
 measuring scale -- 
 UNK , neutral chip -- UNK UNK UNK or Aj . 
 UNK -- e.g. sodium UNK or sodium UNK ( if needed in hard water areas ) . 
 UNK , synthetic -- UNK type . 
 UNK , electric -- approximately 3 lb. 
 tension UNK -- consisting of a padded ironing board from which extend UNK members on all four sides . 
 Two of the clamps are fixed to the edges of the board whereas two clamps travel on guide rails opposite the fixed clamps . 
 The movable clamps travel on carriages which ride the rails and are drawn by UNK loading . 
 UNK of weights are provided so that the load can be selected in the range of 1/2 to 4 pounds . 
 A UNK aluminum plate , used to provide the drying surface , is heated by means of a UNK . 
 A special template is furnished with the apparatus to enable marking a specimen for a central measuring area and the fabric extensions to the clamps ( see Fig. 2 ) . 
 UNK UNK gauge -- consisting of a set of 20 mounting pins set in guides in radial slots ( Fig. 1 ) . 
 Each pin is individually sprung to a UNK member which is driven UNK in the slot . 
 The springs have an extension of 1 inch at Af tension . 
 The UNK members have a common drive so that the application of restorative force takes place simultaneously in all directions in the plane of the test specimen . 
 The minimum diameter of the pin frame in the collapsed state is 11 inches and the maximum diameter in the freely extended state ( unloaded ) is 14 inches . 
 The surface of the apparatus in contact with the test specimen is UNK and polished so as to be as UNK as possible . 
 Test specimens 
 The preparation of test specimens will vary depending upon the type of dimensional UNK procedure ( if any ) to be used . 
 Three specimens for each sample to be tested are required in order to arrive at a satisfactory average of performance . 
 This is especially true for knitted fabrics . 
 UNK are allowed to reach moisture equilibrium with a standard atmosphere of Af and Af and then laid out without tension on a flat , polished surface , care being taken that the fabric is free from wrinkles or UNK . 
 UNK that are badly distorted in their UNK state due to faulty finishing may give deceptive dimensional change results when UNK by any procedure . 
 This also holds true if restorative forces are applied . 
 Therefore , it is recommended that in such cases the sample be replaced , or if used , the results of dimensional change or dimensional UNK tests be considered as indicative only . 
 Generally , it is necessary to mark distances on a specimen ( or garment ) in both lengthwise and UNK directions and to measure before and after laundering . 
 The distances may be marked with indelible ink and a UNK pen , by sewing fine threads into the fabric , or by a specially designed stamping machine . 
 The marked distances are parallel to the respective yarns . 
 Usually , the greater the original distances marked , the greater will be the accuracy of the test . 
 UNK of less than 10 inches are not recommended . 
 UNK fabrics to be dried by procedure UNK ( flat-bed pressed ) or restored by procedure 3 ( hand ironing ) : 
 The specimen of fabric is a rectangle at least 22 by 22 inches , except for cloth narrower than 22 inches , in which case the specimen is the entire width of the fabric . 
 Three distances , each at least 18 inches , are measured and marked off parallel to each of the warp and filling directions . 
 The distances are at least two inches from any edge of the specimen . 
 UNK or warp knitted fabrics to be subjected to restorative procedure 1 ( tension UNK ) . 
 Each specimen is at least 25 inches by 25 inches . 
 Place the template ( Fig. 2 ) on the fabric so that the sides of the 10 inch square cut out of the template are parallel to the warp and filling for woven fabrics , or the UNK and courses for knitted fabrics , and so that the same amount of fabric extends beyond the edges of the template on all sides . 
 Mark the specimen at the outer edges of the template with pen and indelible ink ; ; 
 also place three dots on the specimen at each side of the 10 inch square , one dot at UNK , and one at approximately 1/2 inch from each corner . 
 Measure and record . 
 Circular knitted fabrics to be subjected to restorative procedure 2 , ( knit UNK gauge ) . 
 Each specimen is approximately 16 inches square . 
 The UNK consist of a centrally located 10 inch diameter measuring circle and a 14 inch diameter circle of 20 dots UNK spaced ( See Figure 1 ) . 
 UNK . 
 UNK measurements in length and width directions should be taken before and after washing , drying , and restorative procedures . 
 UNK 
 washing -- 
 The washing procedures are summarized in Table 2 . 
 Place the specimen in the wash wheel with sufficient other similar fabric to make a dry load of Af pounds . 
 Start the wash wheel and note the time . 
 Immediately add water at 100 - UNK ( 38 - UNK ) to the wheel to a level of Af inches ; ; 
 this level will be increased by condensed steam . 
 When this water level has been reached , inject steam into the wheel until the temperature reaches that shown in Column B of Table 2 . 
 Add sufficient soap ( and UNK if required to counteract hard water ) to furnish a good running suds , or if desired use a synthetic detergent . 
 Test 1 , 
 -- Stop the wash wheel at the end of the time shown in Column A of Table 2 , and drain . 
 UNK the machine to a level of Af inches with water at 100 - UNK ( ( 38 - UNK C. ) and start the machine . 
 UNK steam , if necessary , to reach the temperature shown in Column D of Table 2 . 
 Again stop the machine at the end of the time shown in Column C of Table 2 . 
 This procedure is repeated for the second rinse , using the temperatures and time shown in Columns F and E of Table 2 . 
 UNK 2 , 3 , , , and 4 . 
 -- Run the machine continuously until completion of the test . 
 UNK off the soap solution of the suds cycle at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of soap and water at the end of the time shown in Column A of Table 2 , , measured from the time the wash wheel was started . 
 UNK the machine to a level of Af inches with water at 100 - UNK ( 38 - UNK ) . 
 When this water level has been reached , inject steam until the temperature is that shown in Column Aj . 
 UNK off the water at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of water at the end of the sum of the times shown in Columns A and C , measured from the time the wash wheel was started . 
 Immediately UNK to a level of Af inches with water at 100 - UNK ( 38 - UNK ) . 
 When this water level has been reached inject steam until the temperature is that shown in Column Aj . 
 UNK off the water at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of water at the end of the sum of the times shown in Columns A , C , and E , measured from the time the wash wheel was started . 
 UNK , UNK image intensification is applied under conditions of low incident light levels whenever the integration time required by a UNK or recording instrument exceeds the limits of UNK . 
 Examples of such situations are ( aerial ) night reconnaissance , the recording of radioactive UNK in live body tissues , special UNK in medical or industrial applications , track recording of high energy particles , etc. . 
 UNK UNK image intensification may be achieved by several methods ; ; 
 some of these are listed below : ( A ) 
 UNK single stages by coupling lens systems , ( B ) 
 UNK , secondary emission image intensifier , ( C ) 
 UNK intensifier based upon the `` UNK '' principle , ( D ) 
 UNK secondary electron multiplication image intensifiers ( UNK tubes ) , ( E ) 
 UNK of single stages , enclosed in one common envelope . 
 UNK single stages by coupling lens systems is rather inefficient as the lens systems limit the obtainable gain quite severely . 
 UNK image intensifiers are capable of achieving UNK values ; ; 
 they suffer , however , from an UNK low resolution . 
 UNK intensifiers based upon the UNK principle appear to hold promise as far as obtainable resolution is concerned . 
 However , the unavoidable UNK cycle UNK the effective gain . 
 UNK tubes have been constructed showing high gain and resolution . 
 However , electrostatic focus , important for many applications , has not been realized for these devices . 
 UNK limitations with electrostatic focus might be anticipated due to chromatic aberrations . 
 Furthermore , the thin film UNK appear to have a natural diameter limitation wherever a mesh support cannot be tolerated . 
 UNK single stages enclosed by a common envelope have been constructed with high gain and high resolution . 
 These tubes may differ both in the choice of the electron optical system and in the design of the coupling members . 
 The electron optical system may be either a magnetic or electrostatic one . 
 The magnification may be smaller , equal , or larger than unity . 
 An electrostatic system suffers generally from image plane curvature leading to UNK in the peripheral image region if a flat viewing screen ( or UNK coupler ) is utilized , while a magnetic system requires accurate adjustment of the UNK , which is heavy and bulky . 
 As it will be discussed later , peripheral UNK can be improved on by utilizing curved fiber couplers . 
 It should be noted , however , that the UNK resolution is quite similar for both electron optical systems . 
 It is felt that fiber-coupled UNK ( and UNK ) stage image intensifiers will gain considerable importance in the future . 
 Therefore , we shall consider in this paper the theoretical gain and resolution capabilities of such tubes . 
 The luminous efficiency and resolution of single stages , fiber couplers , and finally of the composite tube will be computed . 
 It will be shown theoretically that the high image intensification obtainable with such a tube and contact photography permits the utilization of extremely low incident light levels . 
 The effect of device and quantum noise , associated with such low input levels , will be described . 
 After these theoretical considerations , UNK details of a fiber-coupled , UNK X-ray image intensifier will be discussed . 
 UNK performance characteristics for this experimental tube will be listed . 
 The conclusion shall be reached that fiber-coupled , UNK tubes represent a sensible and practical approach to UNK image intensification . 
 Basic design of a fiber-coupled , UNK image intensifier 
 The tube design which forms the basis of the theoretical discussion shall be described now . 
 The electron optical system ( see fig. UNK ) is based in principle on the focusing action of UNK spherical cathode and anode surfaces . 
 The inner ( anode ) sphere is pierced , elongated into a cup , and terminated by the phosphor screen . 
 The UNK UNK from a circular segment of the cathode sphere are focused by the positive lens action of the two UNK spheres , pass through the ( negative ) lens formed by the anode aperture , and UNK upon the cathodoluminescent viewing screen . 
 The cylindrical focusing electrode permits adjustment of the positive lens part by varying the focusing potential . 
 The anode potential UNK the gain , G , and magnification , M , of the stage . 
 Both the photocathode and the image plane of such an electrode configuration are curved concave as seen from the anode aperture . 
 The UNK property of the UNK fiber coupler can be utilized to alleviate the peripheral resolution losses resulting with a flat UNK or coupling member . 
 For the same reason , the output fiber plate is UNK , its exposed flat side permitting contact photography if a permanent record is desired . 
 As it will be shown later , the UNK properties of the UNK and output fiber coupler comprise indeed the main advantage of such a design . 
 The second photocathode and both phosphor surfaces are deposited on the fiber plate UNK . 
 The photocathode UNK S , phosphor UNK P , and anode potentials V of the individual stages shall be distinguished by means of UNK 1 , and 2 , in the text , where required . 
 Both stages are assumed to have unity magnification . 
 UNK discussion of flux gain 
 flux gain of a single stage 
 The luminous gain of a single stage with Af ( flux gain ) is , to a first approximation , given by the product of the photocathode sensitivity S ( UNK / UNK ) , the anode potential V ( UNK ) , and the phosphor conversion efficiency P ( UNK ) . 
 In general , P is a function of V and the current density , but it shall here be assumed as a constant . 
 The luminous efficiency Af of a photocathode depends on the maximum radiant sensitivity Af and on the spectral distribution of the incident light Af by the relation : Af where Af is UNK radiant photocathode sensitivity . 
 Af is standard visibility function . 
 The luminous flux gain of a single stage is given by : Af . 
 If the input light distribution falls beyond the visible range , Af as expected , since Af . 
 Such cases are not considered here . 
 UNK of fiber couplers 
 The efficiency of fiber UNK plates depends on four factors : ( A ) 
 numerical aperture ( UNK ) ; ; 
 ( B ) 
 end ( UNK reflection ) losses ( R ) ; ; 
 ( C ) 
 internal losses ( UNK ) ; ; 
 ( D ) 
 packing efficiency ( UNK ) . 
 The numerical aperture of the fibers is given by : Af where Af . 
 The angle Af is measured in the medium of index Af . 
 UNK UNK , as generally used in image intensifiers , have low optical contact with the substrate surface , hence Af shall be assumed . 
 The numerical aperture should be in general close to unity . 
 This condition can be satisfied , e.g. , with Af and Af or equivalent glass combinations . 
 A sufficiently good approximation for determining the end reflection losses R can be obtained from the angle independent UNK formula : Af . 
 For phosphor to fiber and fiber to air surfaces , and assuming Af , we obtain Af percent . 
 This value may be reduced to UNK percent by means of a ( very thin ) glass layer of index 1.5 . 
 Hence , the Af factor for the output fiber coupler is Af . 
 As the index of UNK of UNK surfaces of the UNK lies around 2 , the UNK losses at the UNK UNK are about 0.5 percent and the Af factor for the UNK coupler is UNK . 
 It might be anticipated that multiple coatings will reduce end reflection losses even further . 
 The internal losses are due to absorption and the small but finite losses suffered in the numerous internal reflections due to deviations from the prescribed , cylindrical fiber cross-section and minute UNK of the UNK UNK . 
 These losses depend on fiber diameter and length , absorption UNK , the mean value of the loss per internal reflection and last , but not least , on the angular distribution of the incident light . 
 UNK expressions ( integral averages ) are given in the literature . 
 Lacking reliable data for some of the variables , we are relying on experimental data of about 20 percent internal losses for UNK long , small ( 5 - 10 M ) diameter fibers . 
 This relatively high value is probably due to the small fiber diameters increasing the number of internal reflections . 
 Since we are considering here relatively small diameter ( 1 - 1.5 inches ) fiber plates , their average thickness can be kept below 1/4 inch and their internal losses may be assumed as 15 percent ( per plate ) . 
 The packing efficiency , UNK , of fiber plates did not receive much attention in the literature , probably as it is high for the larger fibers generally used , until rather recently . 
 For circular fibers in a closely packed UNK array , the packing efficiency is given by : Af where Af , and UNK is the ratio of the area of a circle to that of the UNK UNK . 
 For the small diameter fibers now technically feasible and required for about 100 Af resolution , Af . 
 The UNK thickness is about 0.5 M , hence , Af and Af . 
 Thus , the efficiency **yt couplers is given by -- Af or approximately 50 percent each . 
 It must be remembered that the fiber plates replace a glass window and a ( UNK ) membrane , in addition to an optical output lens system . 
 The efficiency Af of an Af lens at the magnification Af is : Af . 
 UNK absorption , the end losses of the coupling membrane and the output window Af would be 6 percent and 8 percent . 
 Thus , the combined efficiency of the elements replaced by the two fiber plates ( with a combined efficiency of UNK ) is UNK or about six times less than that of the two fiber plates . 
 UNK of fiber coupled image intensifiers 
 UNK the brightness gain Af due to the Af area UNK , the overall gain of a fiber coupled double stage image intensifier is : Af . 
 It is obvious that the careful choice of photocathode which UNK Af for a given input E ( in the case of the second stage , for the first phosphor screen emission ) is very important . 
 The same consideration should govern the choice of the UNK phosphor screen for matching with the spectral sensitivity of the ultimate UNK ( e.g. , photographic UNK ) . 
 We have evaluated the `` matching UNK '' for two types of UNK ( UNK and UNK ) and three types of light input . 
 The input light distributions considered are UNK and P-20 phosphor emission and the so-called `` night light '' ( UNK ) as given by UNK UNK and J. J. Johnson . 
 The UNK ( in units ) are listed in table UNK , below . 
 UNK discussion of UNK device resolution 
 resolution limitations in a single stage 
 The resolution limitations for a single stage are given by the inherent resolution of the electron optical system as well as the resolution capabilities of the cathodoluminescent viewing screen . 
 The resolution capabilities of an electrostatic system depend on both the choice of magnification and chromatic aberrations . 
 It has been stated previously that a UNK electrostatic system yields a lower resolution than a UNK system or a system with unity magnification . 
 Furthermore , the chromatic aberrations depend on the chosen high voltage . 
 In general , a high anode voltage reduces chromatic aberrations and thus increases the obtainable resolution . 
 The luminous gain of the discussed tube was calculated from UNK ( 6 ) for the 16 possible combinations of UNK and UNK UNK and UNK and P-20 phosphor screens , for night light and P-20 light input . 
 ( The P-20 input is of interest because it corresponds roughly to the light emission of conventional X-ray fluorescent screens ) . 
 The following UNK obtained from UNK and RCA specifications were used : Af 
 . 
 The following table ( UNK ) lists the ( luminous ) gain values computed according to UNK ( 6 ) with Af . 
 The possibility of a space charge UNK of the screen UNK of the elementary electron bundles has been pointed out . 
 It is obvious that such an influence can only be expected in the final stage of an image intensifier at rather high output levels . 
 Space charge influences will also decrease at increased voltages . 
 UNK systems of the UNK type have been tested for resolution capabilities by applying UNK . 
 A resolution of 70 - 80 UNK per UNK appears to be feasible . 
 The inherent resolution of a cathodoluminescent phosphor screen decreases with increasingly aggregate thickness ( with increasing anode voltage ) , decreases with decreasing UNK ( thus the advantage of UNK phosphor UNK ) and might be impaired by the normally used aluminum mirror . 
 Thus , in general , elementary light optical effects , light UNK , and electron UNK determine the obtainable resolution limit . 
 It should be noted that UNK , due to `` UNK '' generated within the viewing screen by electron impact , appears to be important only if anode voltages in excess of 30 UNK are utilized . 
 It has been stated that settled cathodoluminescent phosphor screens may have a limiting resolution of 60 Af at high voltage values of approximately 20 Aj . 
 For the further discussion , we shall thus assume an electron optical resolution of 80 Af and phosphor screen resolution of 60 Af . 
 The set of all decisions is called the operating policy or , more simply , the policy . 
 An optimal policy is one which in some sense gets the best out of the process as a whole by maximizing the value of the product . 
 There are thus three components to an optimal design problem : ( 1 ) 
 The UNK of the state of the process stream ; ; 
 ( 2 ) 
 The UNK of the operating variables and the transformation they effect ; ; 
 ( 3 ) 
 The UNK of the objective function of which the UNK is desired . 
 For a chemical process the first of these might involve the concentrations of the different chemical species , and the temperature or pressure of the stream . 
 For the second we might have to choose the volume of reactor or amount of cooling to be supplied ; ; 
 the way in which the transformation of state depends on the operating variables for the main types of reactors is discussed in the next chapter . 
 The objective function is some measure of the increase in value of the stream by processing ; ; 
 it is the subject of Chapter 4 . 
 The essential characteristic of an optimal policy when the state of the stream is transformed in a sequence of stages with no UNK was first isolated by UNK . 
 He recognized that whatever transformation may be effected in the first stage of an R-stage process , the remaining stages must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to the state resulting from the first stage , if there is to be any chance of UNK the complete process . 
 Moreover , by systematically varying the operating conditions in the first stage and always using the optimal Af-stage policy for the remaining stages , we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all R stages . 
 UNK in this way , from one to two and from two to three stages , we may gradually build up the policy for any number . 
 At each step of the calculation the operating variables of only one stage need be varied . 
 To see how important this economy is , let us suppose that there are M operating variables at each stage and that the state is specified by N variables ; ; 
 then the search for the maximum at any one stage will require a number of operations of order Af ( where a is some number not UNK large ) . 
 To proceed from one stage to the next a sufficient number of feed states must be investigated to allow for UNK ; ; 
 this number will be of the order of Af . 
 If , however , we are seeking the optimal R-stage policy for a given feed state , only one search for a maximum is required at the final step . 
 Thus a number of operations of the order of Af are required . 
 If all the operating variables were varied simultaneously , Af operations would be required to do the same job , and as R increases this increases very much more rapidly than the number of operations required by the dynamic program . 
 But even more important than this is the fact that the direct search by simultaneously varying all operating conditions has produced only one optimal policy , namely , that for the given feed state and R stages . 
 In contrast , the dynamic program produces this policy and a whole family of policies for any smaller number of stages . 
 If the problem is enlarged to require a complete coverage of feed states , Af operations are needed by the dynamic program and Af by the direct search . 
 But Af is vastly larger than R . 
 No optimism is more UNK than that which believes that the high speed of modern digital computers allows for use of the UNK of methods in searching out a result . 
 Suppose that Af , and that the average operation requires only Af UNK . 
 Then the dynamic program would require about a minute whereas the direct search would take more than three UNK ! ! 
 The principle of optimality thus brings a vital organization into the search for the optimal policy of a UNK decision process . 
 UNK ( 1957 ) has UNK in the following terms : 
 `` An optimal policy has the property that whatever the initial state and initial decision are , the remaining decisions must constitute an optimal policy with respect to the state resulting from the first decision '' . 
 This is the principle which we will invoke in every case to set up a functional equation . 
 It appears in a form that is admirably suited to the powers of the digital computer . 
 At the same time , every device that can be employed to reduce the number of variables is of the greatest value , and it is one of the attractive features of dynamic programming that room is left for ingenuity in using the special features of the problem to this end . 
 UNK the discrete deterministic process 
 Consider the process illustrated in Fig. 2.1 , consisting of R distinct stages . 
 These will be numbered in the direction opposite to the flow of the process stream , so that stage R is the T stage from the end . 
 Let the state of the stream leaving stage R be denoted by a vector Af and the operating variables of stage R by Af . 
 Thus Af denotes the state of the feed to the R-stage process , and Af the state of the product from the last stage . 
 Each stage UNK the state Af of its feed to the state Af in a way that depends on the operating variables Af . 
 We write this Af . 
 This transformation is uniquely determined by Af and we therefore speak of the process as deterministic . 
 In practical situations there will be restrictions on the admissible operating conditions , and we regard the vectors as belonging to a fixed and bounded set S . 
 The set of vectors Af constitutes the operating policy or , more briefly , the policy , and a policy is admissible if all the Af belong to S . 
 When the policy has been chosen , the state of the product can be obtained from the state of the feed by repeated application of the transformation ( 1 ) ; ; 
 thus Af . 
 The objective function , which is to be UNK , is some function , usually UNK continuous , of the product state . 
 Let this be denoted by Af . 
 An optimal policy is an admissible policy Af which UNK the objective function P . 
 The policy may not be unique but the maximum value of P certainly is , and once the policy is specified this maximum can be calculated by ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) as a function of the feed state Af . 
 Let Af where the maximization is over all admissible policies Af . 
 When it is necessary to be specific we say that the optimal policy is an optimal R-stage policy with respect to the feed state Af . 
 For any choice of admissible policy Af in the first stage , the state of the stream leaving this stage is given by Af . 
 This is the feed state of the subsequent Af stages which , according to the principle of optimality , must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to this state . 
 This will result in a value Af of the objective function , and when Af is chosen correctly this will give Af , the maximum of the objective function . 
 Thus Af where the maximization is over all admissible policies Af , and Af is related to Af by ( 5 ) . 
 The sequence of equations ( 6 ) can be solved for Af when Af is known , and clearly Af , the maximization being over all admissible Af . 
 The set of equations ( 5 ) , ( 6 ) , and the starting equation ( 7 ) is of a UNK type well suited to programming on the digital computer . 
 In finding the optimal R-stage policy from that of Af stages , only the function Af is needed . 
 When Af has been found it may be transferred into the storage location of Af and the whole calculation repeated . 
 We also see how the results may be presented , although if n , the number of state variables , is large any UNK will become UNK . 
 A table or set of tables may be set out as in Table 2.1 . 
 To extract the optimal R-stage policy with respect to the feed state Af , we enter section R of this table at the state Af and find immediately from the last column the maximum value of the objective function . 
 In the third column is given the optimal policy for stage R , and in the fourth , the resulting state of the stream when this policy is used . 
 Since by the principle of optimality the remaining stages use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to Af , we may enter section Af of the table at this state Af and read off the optimal policy for stage Af and the resulting state Af . 
 UNK in this way up the table we extract the complete optimal policy and , if it is desired , we can check on Af by evaluating Af at the last stage . 
 It may be that the objective function depends not only on Af but also on Af , as when the cost of the operating policy is considered . 
 A moment's reflection shows that the above UNK and presentation work equally well in this case . 
 A form of objective function that we shall often have occasion to consider is Af . 
 Here P represents the value of the stream in state P and Q the cost of operating the stage with conditions Q . 
 Hence P is the increase in value of the stream minus the cost of operation , that is , the net profit . 
 If Af denotes the net profit from stage R and Af , then the principle of optimality gives Af . 
 This sequence of equations may be started with the remark that with no process Af there is no profit , i.e. , Af . 
 UNK the discrete UNK process 
 The process in which the outcome of any one stage is known only UNK is also of interest , although for chemical reactor design it is not as important as the deterministic process . 
 In this case the stage R operating with conditions Af UNK the state of the stream from Af to Af , but only the probability distribution of Af is known . 
 This is specified by a distribution function Af such that the probability that Af lies in some region D of the stage space is Af . 
 We cannot now speak of maximizing the value of the objective function , since this function is now known only in a UNK sense . 
 We can , however , UNK its expected value . 
 For a single stage we may define Af where the maximization is by choice of Af . 
 We thus have an optimal policy which UNK the expected value of the objective function for a given Af . 
 If we consider a process in which the outcome of one stage is known before passage to the next , then the principle of optimality shows that the policy in subsequent stages should be optimal with respect to the outcome of the first . 
 Then Af , the maximization being over all admissible Af and the integration over the whole of stage space . 
 The type of presentation of results used in the deterministic process may be used here , except that now the fourth column is UNK . 
 The third column gives the optimal policy , but we must wait to see the outcome of stage R and enter the preceding section of the table at this state . 
 The discussion of the optimal policy when the outcome of one stage is not known before passing to the next is a very much more difficult matter . 
 UNK the continuous deterministic process 
 In many cases it is not possible to divide the process into a finite number of discrete stages , since the state of the stream is transformed in a continuous manner through the process . 
 We replace UNK , the number of the stage from the end of the process , by t , a continuous variable which measures the `` distance '' of the point considered from the end of the process . 
 The word distance is used here in a rather general sense ; ; 
 it may in fact be the time that will UNK before the end of the process . 
 If T is the total `` length '' of the process , its feed state may be denoted by a vector UNK and the product state by UNK . 
 P denotes the state at any point T and Q the vector of operating variables there . 
 A gyro-stabilized platform system , using restrained gyros , is well suited for automatic leveling because of the characteristics of the UNK combination . 
 The restrained gyro-stabilized platform with reasonable response characteristics operates with an approximate equation of motion , neglecting UNK effects , as follows : Af where U is a torque applied about the output axis of the controlling gyro . 
 The platform angle **yf is the angle about which the gyro is controlling . 
 This is normally termed the gyro input axis , UNK away from the gyro output or UNK axis . 
 The gyro angular momentum is defined by H . 
 Thus if the gyro and UNK combination maintains the platform with zero angular deviation about the **yf axis , the system can be rotated with an angular velocity Af if a torque is supplied to the gyro output axis Aj . 
 It is assumed that the gyros are designed with electrical torquers so that a torque can be applied about their output axes . 
 In the system shown in Fig. 7-1 , the accelerometer output is amplified and the resulting voltage is applied to the gyro UNK torquer . 
 This torque causes the entire system to UNK about the **yf axis , since the response to Af . 
 If the UNK are correct , the platform UNK in such a direction as to reduce the accelerometer output to zero . 
 As the accelerometer output is decreasing , the torque applied to the gyro output axis decreases and , therefore , the rate decreases . 
 Finally , when the accelerometer output is zero , the entire system remains UNK , and the platform is , by definition , leveled . 
 A mathematical block diagram for the leveling system is shown in Fig. UNK . 
 The platform is initially off level by the angle Aj . 
 The angle generated by the platform servo **yf multiplied by G is the effective acceleration acting on the accelerometer . 
 Af is the scale factor of the accelerometer ( Af ) . 
 The voltage Af is amplified by Af and applied to the gyro torquer with scale factor Af . 
 Finally , the gyro-stabilized platform characteristic is represented by Af . 
 The system as indicated in Fig. UNK is fundamental and simple because the UNK effects of both the platform servo and the accelerometer have been neglected . 
 With these factors included , an upper limit is placed on the allowable loop gain by stability considerations . 
 In this type of system , a high loop gain is desirable because it provides a fast response time . 
 When the frequency response characteristics of practical components are considered , their effect on stability does not present the most serious limit on the system loop gain . 
 The time required for the system to reach a level position is approximately inversely proportional to the servo loop gain . 
 In addition , the UNK frequency for input UNK is approximately proportional to the servo loop gain ; ; 
 i.e. , high loop gain causes the system to respond to horizontal components of UNK . 
 This problem usually determines the lower limit of loop gain rather than response time . 
 It must be noticed in Fig. 7-1 that the accelerometer responds to any input acceleration . 
 The equation relating input acceleration to output platform angle is Af . 
 In practice , the UNK leveling process takes place with the system mounted in the UNK . 
 When the system is arranged for automatic leveling , the platform angles respond to any horizontal components of acceleration acting on the accelerometers . 
 There are many such components of acceleration present due to the effect of wind UNK , engine noise , UNK around the vehicle , etc. . 
 One of the greatest problems associated with automatic leveling is establishing a true level in the presence of UNK acceleration noise . 
 One solution to the problem is to operate with a low loop gain and to include UNK filters . 
 This technique causes the system to respond only to low frequency acceleration components such as the platform tilt . 
 Since a lower loop gain and UNK filtering increases the response time , a practical compromise must be reached . 
 One of the most desirable solutions is achieved by the use of a UNK amplifier for Af . 
 The amplifier is designed so that its gain is large for accelerometer signals above a certain threshold level . 
 Below this level , the amplifier gain Af is proportional and is of small value , in order to provide adequate noise filtering . 
 The effect is that the platform returns from an UNK position at a rapid rate until it is nearly level , at which point the platform is controlled by a proportional servo with low enough frequency response so that the noise has little effect on the leveling process . 
 When the system is on automatic leveling , the gyro drift is canceled by the output of the leveling system ( amplifier Af ) . 
 The platform actually UNK off level so that the accelerometer output , when amplified by Af , will supply the correct current to the gyro torquer to cancel the gyro drift . 
 The amount of platform dip required depends upon the scale factors of the system . 
 UNK . 
 UNK leveling considerations . 
 The automatic leveling system described in this section is readily UNK to a gyro-stabilized platform consisting of three UNK gyros . 
 The system requires some switching of flight equipment circuits . 
 However , the leveling operation can be maintained and controlled remotely with no mechanical or optical contact with the platform . 
 This leveling system will hold the platform UNK , automatically , as long as the system is UNK . 
 A useful UNK of this system is that the information necessary to set the gyro drift UNK is available from the currents necessary to hold the system in level . 
 The leveling process can be accomplished UNK , and the results are as satisfactory as those obtained with automatic equipment . 
 The process consists in turning the platform UNK until the outputs of both accelerometers are zero . 
 The turning is accomplished by applying voltage to the gyro torquers described above . 
 In brief , the human replaces amplifier Af in Figs. 7-1 and UNK . 
 UNK leveling requires an appropriate display of the accelerometer outputs . 
 If high accuracy is required in UNK leveling , it is usually necessary to integrate or doubly integrate the accelerometer outputs ( this also UNK the noise problem ) . 
 With integration , the effect of a small acceleration ( or small platform tilt angle ) can be seen after a time . 
 However , skill is required on the part of an operator to level a platform to any degree of accuracy . 
 Also , it requires more time as compared to the automatic approach . 
 UNK leveling is UNK if the platform must be maintained accurately level for any prolonged period of time . 
 The operator must continually supply the correct amount of turning current to the gyro torquers so that the effect of gyro drift is canceled . 
 This process is especially difficult since gyro drifting is typically random . 
 UNK . 
 UNK heading . 
 UNK heading consists of UNK the sensitive axis of the accelerometers parallel to the desired coordinate system of the UNK . 
 In simpler terms , it amounts to pointing the platform in the proper direction . 
 For purely UNK UNK , two techniques are available to accomplish the platform heading : Use of external or surveying equipment to establish proper heading ; ; 
 Use of the characteristics of the platform components for an indication of true heading . 
 The choice of the heading technique is dependent upon the accuracy requirements , field conditions , and the time available to accomplish the heading . 
 UNK . 
 External determination of heading -- surveying technique . 
 With the gyro-stabilized platform leveled , it can be headed in the proper direction by using surveying techniques . 
 The platform accelerometers must be slightly modified for this procedure . 
 Before the accelerometers are mounted on the platform , the direction of their sensitive axis must be accurately determined . 
 A mirror is mounted on each accelerometer so that the plane of the mirror is UNK to the sensitive axis of the unit . 
 UNK . 
 A precision transit is set up so that it is aligned with respect to true north . 
 This can be done to a high degree of accuracy by existing surveying techniques . 
 With the transit set up , a mirror on one of the accelerometers is sighted and the platform is turned until it is aligned . 
 The UNK procedure includes the use of a UNK for the transit to project a beam of light , which is darkened by crossed hairs , on the accelerometer mirror . 
 When the platform is aligned , the reflected image of the crossed hairs can be seen exactly superimposed upon the original crossed hairs . 
 The images can easily be aligned with a high degree of accuracy . 
 The platform is turned as required by supplying currents to the appropriate gyro torquers . 
 Although this technique is simple and satisfactory , one practical difficulty does exist : the direction of true north must be known for each launch point . 
 However , this difficulty is not too serious if it is realized that a surveying team can establish a true north base line with a few UNK work . 
 In many installations , the UNK platform is raised off the ground a considerable height when it is mounted in the vehicle before flight . 
 With this situation , it is difficult to sight in on the platform with surveying equipment . 
 If the platform is not too high off the ground , a transit can be mounted on a stand to raise it up to the platform . 
 Obviously , the heading accuracy is lessened by such techniques since errors are introduced because of motion of the stand . 
 UNK . 
 The transit can be replaced by an autocollimator . 
 This instrument provides an electrical signal proportional to the angular deviations of the platform and can be used to automatically hold the platform on true heading . 
 The electrical signal from the autocollimator is amplified and supplied to the UNK torquer . 
 If the polarity is correct , the platform will turn until the heading error angle is zero . 
 Information is also available from this autocollimator system to set the drift bias for the UNK gyro . 
 If the Z gyro is drifting , a current generated by the autocollimator is delivered to the gyro torquer to cancel the drift . 
 If the drift error is systematic , it can be canceled with a bias circuit which can be arranged and adjusted to supply the required UNK current . 
 Electrical UNK . 
 It is possible to locate an angular electrical UNK , which will indicate the angular deviation between the true heading direction and the platform . 
 Essentially , the UNK or reference portion of the UNK is established with respect to the true heading direction , and the platform is turned either UNK or automatically until the angular electrical UNK signal is reduced to zero . 
 UNK . 
 UNK heading . 
 UNK alignment is an automatic heading system which depends upon the characteristic of one gyro to establish true heading . 
 For the case of a purely UNK UNK consisting of three restrained gyros , a coordinate system is used where the sensitive axis of the X accelerometer is parallel to the UNK direction at the base point , and the Y accelerometer sensitive axis is parallel to the UNK direction at the base point . 
 The accelerometers are mounted rigidly on the platform . 
 Thus , if one accelerometer is properly aligned , the other is also . 
 The input axis of the appropriate gyros are parallel to the sensitive direction of the accelerometers . 
 Figure UNK shows a platform system with the gyro vectors arranged as described above . 
 The platform is leveled and properly headed , so that the UNK input axis is parallel to the UNK direction and the UNK input axis is parallel to the UNK direction . 
 The input axis of the X gyro , when pointing in the UNK direction , is always UNK to the spin axis of earth . 
 If the platform is not properly headed , the UNK input axis will see a component of the earth's rotation . 
 The sensing of this rotation by the X gyro can be utilized to direct the platform into proper heading . 
 In Fig. UNK , the input axis of the UNK platform is shown at some point on the earth . 
 The point is at a latitude **yl , and the platform is at an error in heading east . 
 The earth is spinning at an angular velocity UNK equal to one revolution per 24 hr. . 
 When the platform is level , UNK is a rotation about the Z axis of the platform Af . 
 Since the earth is rotating and the UNK gyro-stabilized platform is fixed with respect to a reference in space , an observer on the earth will see the platform rotating ( with respect to the earth ) . 
 UNK 
 Scotty did not go back to school . 
 His parents talked seriously and UNK to their own doctor and to a specialist at the University Hospital -- Mr. McKinley was entitled to a discount for members of his family -- and it was decided it would be best for him to take the remainder of the term off , spend a lot of time in bed and , for the rest , do pretty much as he chose -- provided , of course , he chose to do nothing too exciting or too UNK . 
 His teacher and his school principal were conferred with and everyone agreed that , if he kept up with a certain amount of work at home , there was little danger of his losing a term . 
 Scotty accepted the decision with indifference and did not enter the arguments . 
 He was discharged from the hospital after a two-day UNK and he and his parents had what Mr. McKinley described as a `` celebration lunch '' at the cafeteria on the campus . 
 Rachel wore a smart hat and , because she had been warned recently about smoking , puffed at her cigarettes through a long ivory holder stained with UNK . 
 Scotty's father sat sprawled in his chair , angular , alert as a UNK , looking about at the huge UNK appointments of the room with an expression of proprietorship . 
 Teachers -- men who wore brown suits and had gray hair and pleasant smiles -- came to their table to talk shop and to be introduced to Scotty and Rachel . 
 Rachel was polite , Scotty indifferent . 
 They ate the cafeteria food with its orange sauces and Scotty gazed without interest at his food , the teachers , the heroic UNK windows , and the bright ranks of college UNK . 
 His father tried to make the food a topic . 
 `` The UNK pie is good , Scotty . 
 I recommend it '' . 
 He looked at his son , his face worried . 
 Scotty murmured , `` No , thanks '' , so softly his father had to bend his gaunt height across the table and turn a round brown ear to him . 
 Scotty regarded the ear and the UNK hair around it with a moment of interest . 
 He said more loudly , `` I'm full , old UNK '' . 
 He had eaten almost nothing on the UNK , UNK plate and had drunk about half the milk in its paper container . 
 `` He's all right , UNK '' , Rachel said . 
 `` I can fix him something later in the afternoon when we get home '' . 
 Since his seizure , Scotty had had little appetite ; ; 
 yet his changed appearance , surprisingly , was one of plumpness . 
 His face was fuller ; ; 
 his lips and the usually sharp lines of his jaw had become UNK . 
 He breathed now with his mouth open , showing a UNK curving section of lower teeth ; ; 
 he kept his eyes , with their puffed blurred lids , always lowered , though not , apparently , focusing . 
 Even his neck seemed thicker and , therefore , shorter . 
 His hands , which had been as quick as a pair of fluttering birds , were now neither active nor really relaxed . 
 They lay on his lap , palms up , stiffly motionless , the tapered fingers a little thick at the joints . 
 Altogether he had , since the seizure , the appearance of a boy who UNK in food and took no exercise . 
 He looked lazy , spoiled , a little UNK . 
 Rachel had little to say . 
 She greeted her husband's colleagues with smiling politeness , offering nothing . 
 Mr. McKinley , for all his sprawling and his easy familiarity , was completely alert to his son , eyes always on the still face , jumping to anticipate Scotty's desires . 
 It was a strained , silent lunch . 
 Rachel said , `` I'd better get him to bed '' . 
 The doctors had suggested Scotty remain most of every afternoon in bed until he was stronger . 
 Since Mr. McKinley had to give a lecture , Rachel and Scotty drove home alone in the Plymouth . 
 They did not speak much . 
 Scotty gazed out at ugly gray slums and said softly , `` Look at those stupid kids '' . 
 It was a Negro section of peeling row houses , UNK churches and ragged children . 
 Rachel had to bend toward Scotty and ask him to repeat . 
 He said , `` Nothing '' . 
 And then : `` There are lots of kids around here '' . 
 Scotty looked at the children , his mouth slightly opened , his eyes dull . 
 He felt tired and full and calm . 
 UNK 
 the days seemed short , perhaps because his routine was , each day , almost the same . 
 He rose late and went down in his UNK and slippers to have breakfast either alone or with Rachel . 
 Virginia treated him with attention and tried to UNK his appetite with special food : biscuits , cookies , UNK -- the result of devoted hours in the tiled kitchen . 
 She would hover over him and , looking like her brother , anxiously watch the progress of Scotty's fork or spoon . 
 `` You don't eat enough , honey . 
 Try to get that down '' . 
 Rachel , observing , would say , `` He has to UNK his own capacity . 
 It'll take time '' . 
 Virginia and Rachel talked to each other quietly now , as allies who are political rather than natural might in a war atmosphere . 
 Both watched Scotty constantly , Rachel without seeming to , Virginia openly , her eyes filled with concern . 
 Scotty was neutral . 
 He did not resent their supervision or UNK sometimes tiring sympathy . 
 He ate what he felt like , slept as much or as little as he pleased , and moved about the UNK rooms of the house , when he was not in bed , with slow , dubious steps , like an elderly tourist in a cathedral . 
 His energy was gone . 
 He was able , now , to sit for hours in a chair in the living room and stare out at the bleak yard without moving . 
 His hands lay loosely , yet stiffly -- they were like wax hands : almost UNK , not quite -- folded in his lap ; ; 
 his mouth hung slightly open . 
 When he was asked a question or addressed in such a way that some response was inescapable , he would answer ; ; 
 if , as often happened , he had to repeat because he had spoken too softly , he would repeat his words in the same way , without emphasis or impatience , only a little louder . 
 He had not mentioned Kate . 
 He had not even thought about her much except once or twice at night in bed when his slowly ranging thoughts would abruptly , almost accidentally , encounter her . 
 At these times he felt a kind of pain in his upper chest , but it was an objective pain , in no way different from others in intensity and not different in kind ; ; 
 it was like the bandaged wound on the back of his head which occasionally UNK ; ; 
 it was merely another part of his weakness . 
 He was calm , drugged , and lazy . 
 He did not care . 
 Rachel mentioned Kate . 
 She said , `` I notice the girl from across the street hasn't bothered to phone or visit '' . 
 Scotty said , `` That's all right . 
 Kate's all right '' . 
 He thought about it briefly , then deliberately turned the talk to something else . 
 Once , sitting at the front window in his parents' room , he saw Kate come out of her house . 
 She was with Elizabeth . 
 They were far off and looked tiny . 
 The heavy branches in his front yard would hide and then reveal them . 
 They turned at the bottom of Kate's steps and moved off in the direction of the park . 
 He thought he saw -- it awakened and , for a moment , interested him -- that Elizabeth held a UNK in her hand and that a round fuzzy UNK was on the end of the UNK . 
 Then they disappeared and Scotty got up and went into his own room and got into bed . 
 By the time he was under the covers he had forgotten about seeing Kate . 
 The doctor , since Scotty was no longer allowed to make his regular trips into town to see him , came often and informally to the house . 
 He would sit , UNK and spare , on the edge of Scotty's bed , his legs crossed so elaborately that the crossed foot could tap the floor . 
 Scotty did not mind the doctor's UNK UNK as he used to . 
 `` UNK young man '' , he said with mock distaste . 
 `` I imagine you're always UNK in school '' . 
 `` I don't go to school any more '' . 
 `` UNK '' ? ? 
 The doctor had to bend close to hear ; ; 
 his delicate hand , as UNK as a UNK wing , rested absently on Scotty's chest . 
 Scotty said the same words more loudly . 
 `` Oh . 
 Well , we're taking a little vacation , that's all '' . 
 He turned UNK to Rachel . 
 `` I think by the end of next week he could get out in the air a little . 
 He could now but the weakness is very definite ; ; 
 it would exhaust him further and UNK . 
 He'll be stronger soon '' . 
 His UNK was on the table by Scotty's bed and he picked it up and UNK it at Scotty . 
 He said UNK , `` Just keep the cap on those strong emotions '' . 
 The UNK UNK silver in the darkening room . 
 `` I'll drop by again in a few days '' . 
 Rachel stayed on after the doctor had gone . 
 She smoothed the covers on Scotty's bed and picked things up from the floor . 
 She did not touch him . 
 Scotty watched with UNK . 
 He did not speak . 
 He had no desire to . 
 She said , `` Do you think you'll miss school '' ? ? 
 He had noticed how formal and UNK exact Rachel had grown . 
 He did not care . 
 He felt her UNK did not concern him , yet he knew he would not care even if it did . 
 He shook his head . 
 `` We've had any number of calls about you . 
 You could win a popularity contest at that school without any trouble . 
 Miss UNK called twice . 
 She wants to pay you a visit . 
 She says the children miss you . 
 Apparently you were the light of their lives '' . 
 Scotty shrugged slightly . 
 Rachel came close to the bed , bent as if she would kiss him , then moved away . 
 She was frowning . 
 `` That doctor UNK me '' . 
 She seemed to speak to herself . 
 `` Do you suppose his self-consciousness is characteristic of the new Negro professionals or merely of doctors in general '' ? ? 
 She turned to him again . 
 `` Well , Mrs. Charles -- Sally -- has phoned too . 
 She was very worried '' . 
 UNK tone was dry . 
 `` She didn't really say '' -- She glanced away at the floor , then swooped gracefully and picked up one of Scotty's slippers . 
 `` I mean , do you feel like seeing Kate '' ? ? 
 Scotty said , `` I don't know '' . 
 It was true . 
 He did not . 
 There was the slight pain , but it was no different from the UNK in his head . 
 `` Well , there's time , in any case . 
 We'll wait till you're stronger and then talk about it '' . 
 She put the UNK neatly by its mate at the foot of the bed . 
 Scotty said , `` Okay '' . 
 This time Rachel kissed him lightly on the forehead . 
 Scotty was pleased . 
 His father was a constant visitor . 
 Scotty would hear the front door in the evening and then his father's deep slow voice ; ; 
 it floated up the stairs . 
 `` How's Scotty '' ? ? 
 And UNK or UNK reply : `` better . 
 He's getting plenty of rest '' . 
 `` Is his appetite improved '' ? ? 
 Or : `` Does he get exercise '' ? ? 
 The exchange was almost UNK , and Scotty , in his bed , could hear every word of it . 
 He never smiled . 
 It required an energy he no longer possessed to be UNK about his father . 
 His father would come upstairs and stand UNK at the foot of the bed and look at his son . 
 After a pause , during which he studied Scotty's face as if Scotty were not there and could not study him too , Mr. McKinley would ask the same questions he had asked downstairs . 
 Scotty would reply softly and his father , apologetically , would ask him to repeat . 
 `` I'm eating more '' , he would say . 
 Or : `` I walk around the house a lot '' . 
 `` Perhaps you should get out a little '' . 
 `` I'm not supposed to yet '' . 
 He was not irritated . 
 He did not mind the useless , kindly questions . 
 He looked at the lined face with vague interest ; ; 
 he felt he was noting it , as if it were something he might think about when he grew stronger . 
 Mr. McKinley examined everything with critical care , seeking something material to blame for his son's illness . 
 `` Have you got enough blankets '' ? ? 
 And another time , without UNK : `` You never wore that scarf I bought you '' . 
 Where their sharp edges seemed restless as sea waves thrusting themselves upward in angry motion , Papa-san sat UNK , his smooth solidity , his very immobility UNK all the turmoil about him . 
 `` Our objective '' , the colonel had said that day of the UNK , `` is Papa-san '' . 
 There the objective sat , brooding over all . 
 UNK , burn , blast , insult it as they would , could anyone really take Papa-san ? ? 
 Between the UNK UNK and himself , in the valley over which Papa-san UNK , men had hidden high UNK , UNK traps , and mines . 
 The UNK valley was a pregnant UNK awaiting abortion . 
 On the forward slope in front of his own post stretched two rows of barbed wire . 
 At the UNK base UNK of UNK stretched out of eye range like a wild tangle of children's UNK , stopped simultaneously , UNK poised as if awaiting the magic of the child's touch to start them all rolling again . 
 UNK still , regular barricades of barbed wire hung on timber supports . 
 Was it all vain labor ? ? 
 Who would clean up the mess when the war was over ? ? 
 Smiling at his UNK thoughts , Warren turned back from the opening and lit a cigarette before sitting down . 
 Tonight a group of men , tomorrow night he himself , would go out there somewhere and wait . 
 If he were to go with White , he would be out there two days , not just listening in the dark at some point between here and Papa-san , but moving ever deeper into enemy land -- behind Papa-san -- itself . 
 Was this what he had expected ? ? 
 He hadn't realized that there would be so much time to think , so many UNK . 
 Somehow he had forgotten what he must have been told , that combat was an UNK activity . 
 Now he knew that the moment illuminated by the vision on the train would have to be approached . 
 It could take place tomorrow night , or it might occur months from now . 
 There was just too much time . 
 Time to become afraid . 
 White's suggestion flattered , but he did not like the identity . 
 He did not UNK over with hatred for the enemy . 
 He hadn't even seen him yet 
 UNK his cigarette out in the earth , Warren walked to the slit and scanned the jagged hills . 
 He saw no life , but still stood there for a time peering at the UNK hills , his gaze continually returning to Papa-san . 
 He had come here in order to test himself . 
 While most of his beliefs were still unsettled , he knew that he did not believe in killing . 
 Yet , he was here . 
 He had come because he could not live out his life feeling that he had been a coward . 
 There were ten men on the patrol which Sergeant Prevot led out that next night . 
 The beaming UNK was carrying a UNK machine gun ; ; 
 another man lugged the UNK and a box of ammunition . 
 Warren and White each carried , in addition to their own weapons and ammo , a box of ammo for the UNK machine gun . 
 Others carried extra UNK for the Browning UNK Rifle , which was in the hands of a little Mexican named UNK . 
 Prevot had UNK the two new men that afternoon . 
 `` We just sit quiet and wait '' , Prevot had said . 
 `` Be sure the man nearest you is awake . 
 If Joe doesn't show up , we'll all be back here at UNK hours . 
 Otherwise , we hold a reception . 
 Then we pull out under our mortar and artillery cover , but nobody pulls out until I say so . 
 Remember what I said about going out to get anybody left behind ? ? 
 That still holds . 
 We bring back all dead and wounded '' . 
 At UNK hours they had passed through the barbed wire at the point of departure . 
 Then began the journey through their own mine fields . 
 Mines . 
 UNK were UNK than theirs , some said . 
 They set bouncing UNK to jump and explode at UNK level while we more UNK had them go off at the head . 
 Mines . 
 Big ones and little . 
 The crude wooden boxes of the enemy , our nicely turned gray metal disks . 
 But theirs defied the UNK . 
 Mines . 
 A foot misplaced , a leg missing . 
 Mines . 
 All sizes : big ones , some wired to set off a whole field , little ones , hand UNK size . 
 UNK traps to fill the head with chunks of metal . 
 Warren tried to shake off the jumble of his fears by looking at the sky . 
 It was dark . 
 Prevot had said that the UNK would be bounced off the clouds at UNK hours , `` which gives us time to get settled in position '' . 
 Because they were new men and to be sure that they didn't get lost , Prevot had placed Warren and White in the center of the patrol as it filed out . 
 His eyes now fixed on White's solid figure , Warren could hear behind him the tread of another . 
 He could also hear the stream which he had seen from his position . 
 They were going to follow it for part of their journey . 
 `` It's safe '' , Prevot had said , `` and it provides cover for our noise '' . 
 Soon they were picking their way along the edge of the stream which glowed in the night . 
 On their right rose the embankment covered with brush and trees . 
 If a branch extended out too far , each man held it back for the next , and if they met a low UNK , each warned the other . 
 Thus , UNK they advanced upstream ; ; 
 then they turned to the right , climbed the embankment , and walked into the valley again . 
 There was no cover here , only grass UNK against UNK . 
 And with each sigh , like a whip in the hand of an expert , the grass stripped something from Warren . 
 The gentle UNK of each UNK left him more naked than before , until he felt his UNK flesh tremble , chilled by each new sound . 
 The shapes of the men ahead of him lacked solidity , as if the whip had stripped them of their very flesh . 
 The dark forms moved like UNK on some UNK pilgrimage , their UNK UNK for want of vocal chords . 
 The UNK , broken trees in the valley assumed UNK shapes . 
 UNK of brush that they passed were so many UNK demons straining in anger to tear and UNK on his bones . 
 UNK over all , Papa-san UNK down at him , threatening a hundred hidden UNK . 
 Off in the distance a UNK flashed on , its beam slashing the sky . 
 The sharp UNK was absorbed by a cloud , then reflected to the earth in a softer , UNK UNK . 
 Somewhere over there another patrol had need of light . 
 Warren thought of all the men out that night who , like himself , had left their protective ridge and -- fear working at their guts -- picked their way into the area beyond . 
 From the east to the west coast of the Korean peninsula was a strip of land in which UNK men were at that same moment UNK crawling through the night , sitting in sweaty anticipation of any movement or sound , or shouting UNK confused rifle flashes and muzzle blasts . 
 White's arm went up and Warren raised his own . 
 The patrol was stopping . 
 Prevot came up `` . 
 Take that spot over there '' , he whispered , pointing to a small clump of blackness . 
 `` Give me your machine gun ammo '' . 
 Warren handed him the metal box and Prevot quietly disappeared down the line . 
 UNK in the grass behind the brush clump , Warren looked about . 
 The others likewise had hidden themselves in the grass and the brush . 
 Over his shoulder he could see Prevot with the machine gun crew . 
 Even at this short distance they were only vague shapes , setting up the machine gun on a small UNK so that it could fire above the heads of the rest of the patrol . 
 Warren eased his UNK safety off and gently , slowly sneaked another clip of ammunition from one of the cloth UNK that marked the upper part of his body with an Aj . 
 This he placed within quick reach . 
 The walk and his fears had served to UNK him and his sweaty UNK cooled at the touch of the night air . 
 Although the UNK vest fitted the upper part of his body UNK , he felt no security . 
 Figures seemed to crouch in the surrounding dark ; ; 
 in the distance he saw a band of men who seemed to advance and retreat even as he watched . 
 Certain this menace was only imaginary , he yet stared in fascinated horror , his hand sticky against the stock of his weapon . 
 He was aware of insistent inner UNK , as if prisoners within sought release from his rigid body . 
 Above , the glowing ivory baton of their UNK pointed at the clouds , UNK the UNK dark to a UNK light . 
 Then the figures which held his attention became a group of shattered trees , standing like the UNK of a medieval UNK scene . 
 Even so , he could not ease the tension of his body ; ; 
 the rough surface of the earth itself seemed to resist every attempt on his part to relax . 
 UNK the unseen presence of the other men in the patrol , he felt UNK united to these nine UNK sharing this pinpoint of being with him . 
 He sensed something precious in the perilous moment , something akin to the knowledge gained on his bicycle trip through the French countryside , a knowledge imprisoned in UNK . 
 -- In France he had puzzled the meaning of the great stone monuments men had thrown up to the sky , and always as he wandered , he felt a stranger to their UNK . 
 They were poems in a strange language , of which he could barely touch a meaning -- enough to make his being ache with the desire for the fullness he sensed there . 
 UNK , that UNK mystery through which he traveled for thirty days , sleeping in the barns of farmers or alongside roads , had worked some subtle change in him , he knew , and it was in UNK that he had met Pierre . 
 Pierre had no hands ; ; 
 they had been severed at the wrists . 
 With leather cups fitted in his UNK , he steered his bicycle . 
 He and Warren had traveled together for four days . 
 They visited the UNK at UNK and Pierre had to sign the register , UNK for the integrity of the visiting foreigner . 
 He took the pen in his stumps and began to write . 
 `` Wait ! ! 
 Wait '' ! ! 
 Cried the guard who ran from the hut to shout to other men standing about outside . 
 They crowded the small room and peered over one another's shoulders to watch the UNK man write his name in the book . 
 `` UNK formidable '' , they exclaimed . 
 `` UNK , UNK . 
 UNK UNK '' . 
 And then the questions came , eager , interested questions , and many compliments on his having overcome his UNK . 
 `` UNK it ever bother you '' , Warren had asked , `` to have people always asking you about your hands '' ? ? 
 `` Oh , the French are a very curious people '' , Pierre had laughed . 
 `` They are also honest UNK after truth . 
 Now the English are painfully silent about my missing hands . 
 They refuse to mention or to notice that they are not there . 
 The Americans , like yourself , take the fact for granted , try to be helpful , but don't ask questions . 
 I'm used to all three , but I think the French have the UNK attitude '' . 
 That was the day that Pierre had told Warren about the Abbey of UNK . 
 `` You are looking tired and there you can rest . 
 It will be good for you . 
 I think , too '' , he said , his dark eyes UNK , `` that you will find there some clue to the secret of the UNK about which you have spoken '' . 
 Within two weeks Warren was ringing the bell at the UNK gate . 
 The monk who opened the door immediately calmed his worries about his reception : `` I speak English '' , the old man said , `` but I do not hear it very well '' . 
 He smiled and stuck a large finger with white hairs sprouting on it into his ear as though that might help . 
 Smiling at UNK UNK , the old monk took his grip from him and led him down a corridor to a small parlor . 
 `` Will you please wait in here . 
 Mickie sat over his second UNK in a little bar next to the funeral parlor on Pennsylvania Avenue . 
 UNK Little Cafe was small , dark , narrow , and filled with the mingled scent of beer , tobacco smoke , and Italian cooking . 
 UNK over the bar was an oil painting of a nude Al had accepted from a student at the UNK Gallery who needed to eat and drink and was broke . 
 The nude was small and UNK and UNK , and was called `` UNK '' . 
 This was one place where UNK could go for a drink in a back booth without anyone UNK him , or at least coming up and hanging around and wanting to know all the UNK . 
 The other patrons were taxi drivers and art students and small UNK . 
 The reporters had not yet discovered that this was his UNK . 
 His friend Jane was with him . 
 She was wise enough to realize a man could be good company even if he did weigh too much and didn't own the mint . 
 She was the widow of a writer who had died in an airplane crash , and Mickie had found her a job as head of the historical section of the Treasury . 
 This meant UNK out press clippings and the like . 
 Jane sat UNK and interested . 
 Mickie had a pleasant glow as he said , `` You see , both of them , I mean the President and UNK Lawrence , are romantics . 
 A romantic is one who thinks the world is UNK inspired and all he has to do is find the right key , and then divine justice and UNK will appear . 
 It's like focusing a camera ; ; 
 the distant ship isn't there until you get the focus . 
 You know what I'm talking about . 
 I'm sure all girls feel this way about men until they live with them . 
 `` But when it comes to war , the Colonel knows what it is and UNK doesn't . 
 Mr. UNK knows that a soldier will get the UNK Service Medal for conduct that would land him in prison for life or the electric chair as a civilian . 
 He had a mean , unbroken sheer bastard in his outfit , and someone invented the name Trig for him . 
 That's to say , he was trigger happy . 
 He'd shoot at anything if it was the rear end of a horse or his own sentry . 
 He was a wiry , inscrutable , silent country boy from the red clay of rural Alabama , and he spoke with the broad UNK that others normally make fun of . 
 But not in front of Trig . 
 I heard of some that tried it back in the States , and he'd knock them clear across the room . 
 UNK been a pretty bad incident back at the Marine base . 
 A New York kid , a refugee from one of the Harlem gangs , made fun of UNK accent , and drew a knife . 
 Before the fight was over , the Harlem boy had a UNK and Trig was cut up badly . 
 They caught Trig stealing liquor from the UNK mess , and he got a couple of girls in trouble . 
 The fear of punishment just didn't bother him . 
 It wasn't there . 
 It was left out of him at birth . 
 This is why he made such a magnificent soldier . 
 He wasn't troubled with the ordinary , UNK fear that overcomes and UNK and sends individual soldiers and whole companies under fire running in panic . 
 It just didn't occur to Trig that anything serious would happen to him . 
 Do you get the picture of the kind of fellow he was '' ? ? 
 Jane nodded with a pleasant smile . 
 `` All right . 
 There was a UNK nest in a mountain cave , and it was picking off our men with UNK accuracy . 
 The Colonel ordered that it be wiped out , and I suggested , ' You ask for volunteers , and promise each man on the patrol a UNK of whisky , ten dollars and a week-end pass to UNK . 
 Trig was one of the five volunteers . 
 The patrol UNK around in back of the cave , approached it from above and dropped in suddenly with wild UNK . 
 You could hear them from our UNK . 
 There was a lot of shooting . 
 We knew the enemy was subdued , because a UNK was fired as the signal . 
 So we hurried over . 
 Two of our men were killed , a third was wounded . 
 Trig and a very black colored boy from Detroit had killed or put out of action ten guerrillas by grenades and UNK fighting . 
 When we got there , Trig and the Negro were quarreling over possession of a gold UNK around the neck of a wounded UNK . 
 The colored boy had it , and Trig lunged at him with a knife and said , ' Give that to me , you black bastard . 
 We don't UNK UNK to walk on the same sidewalk with white men where I come from . 
 `` The Negro got a bad slice on his chest from the knife wound '' . 
 `` What did the Colonel do about the men '' ? ? 
 Jane asked in her placid , interested way . 
 Mickie laughed . 
 `` He recommended both of them for the UNK and the Detroit fellow for the UNK UNK , too , for a UNK wound . 
 So you see Mr. UNK knows what it's all about . 
 But not UNK Lawrence . 
 When he was in the war , he was in Law or UNK or something like that , and an old buddy of his told me he would come down on Sundays to the Pentagon and read the UNK for medals -- just like the one we sent in for Trig -- and go away with a real glow . 
 These were heroes nine feet tall to him '' . 
 Jefferson Lawrence was alone at the small , perfectly appointed table by the window looking out over the river . 
 He had dinner and sat there over his coffee watching the winding pattern of traffic as it crossed the bridge and spread out like a UNK with two heads . 
 UNK him was Mrs. UNK . 
 He thought how this UNK , fragile older woman UNK her way through the streets of Westminster on a day in June , enjoying the flowers in the shops , the greetings from old friends , but never really drawing a deep , passionate breath , was so like himself . 
 He , and Mrs. UNK , too , had never permitted themselves the luxury of joys that dug into the bone marrow of the spirit . 
 He had not because he was both poor and ambitious . 
 UNK imposes a kind of UNK on the ambitious . 
 They cannot stop to grasp and embrace and sit in the back seat of cars along a dark country lane . 
 No , they must look the other way and climb one more painful step up the ladder . 
 He made the decision with his eyes open , or so he thought . 
 At any cost , he must leave the dreary Pennsylvania mining town where his father was a UNK . 
 And so he had , so he had . 
 At State College , he had no time to walk among the UNK on the water's edge . 
 From his room he could look out in springtime and see the couples hand in hand walking slowly , UNK , across the campus , and he could smell the sweet UNK winds . 
 He was not stone . 
 He was not UNK . 
 He had to teach himself patiently that these traps were not for him . 
 He must mentally pull the UNK and close the window , so that all that existed was in the books before him . 
 At law school , the same . 
 More of this stamping down of human emotion as a young lawyer in New York . 
 By the time he was prosperous enough -- his goals were high -- he was bald and afraid of women . 
 The only one who would have him was his UNK , the strange unhappy woman who became his wife . 
 Perhaps it was right ; ; 
 perhaps it was just . 
 He had dared to defy nature , to turn his back to the UNK , and he was punished . 
 Like Mrs. UNK , with her UNK about Peter UNK , he had his moments of melancholy over a youth too well spent . 
 If he had had a son , he would tell him , `` UNK ye rosebuds while ye may This same flower that smiles today tomorrow will be dying '' . 
 But then his son could afford it . 
 Lawrence was waiting for Bill Boxell . 
 The Vice President had called and asked if he could see the Secretary at his home . 
 He said the matter was urgent . 
 The Secretary was uneasy about the visit . 
 He did not like Boxell . 
 He suspected something UNK and UNK about him . 
 Lawrence could not put his finger on it precisely , and this worried him . 
 When you disliked or UNK a man , you should have a reason . 
 Human nature was not a piece of meat you could tell was bad by its smell . 
 Lawrence stared a minute at the lighted ribbon of traffic , hoping that a clue to his dislike of the Vice President would appear . 
 It did not . 
 Therefore , he decided he was unfair to the young man and should make an effort to understand and sympathize with his point of view . 
 A half hour later the Vice President arrived . 
 He looked very carefully at every piece of furnishing , as though hoping to store this information carefully in his mind . 
 He observed the Florentine vase in the hall , the UNK painting in the library , as well as the long shelves of UNK volumes ; ; 
 the pattern of the Oriental rug , the delicate UNK UNK . 
 He said to the Secretary , `` I understand you came from a little Pennsylvania town near UNK . 
 How did you find out about this '' ? ? 
 He waved his arm around at the furnishings . 
 It was not a UNK question , Lawrence decided . 
 This young man had so little time to learn he had to be curious ; ; 
 he had to find out . 
 The Secretary did not tell him at what cost , at what loneliness , he learned these things . 
 He merely said , `` Any good decorator these days can make you a UNK home '' . 
 The Vice President said , `` If you hear of any names that would fix me cheap in return for advertising they decorated the Vice President's home , let me know . 
 I can do business with that kind '' . 
 Again , Lawrence thought a little sadly , these were the fees of poverty and ambition . 
 Boxell did not have the chance to grow up UNK . 
 He had to acquire everything he was going to get in four years . 
 They had brandy in the library . 
 Boxell looked at Lawrence with a searching glance , the kind that a UNK attorney would give a man on trial . 
 What are your weaknesses ? ? 
 Where will you break ? ? 
 How best to destroy your peace ? ? 
 The Vice President said with a slight UNK , `` There isn't anyone who loves the President more than I do . 
 Old Chris is my ideal . 
 At the same time , you have to face facts and realize that a man who's been in the Marine Corps all his life doesn't understand much about politics . 
 What does a monk know about sex '' ? ? 
 Lawrence listened with the practiced , deceptive calm of the lawyer , but his face was in the shadow . 
 `` So , we have to protect the old man for his own good . 
 You see what I mean . 
 Congress is full of politicians , and if you want to get along with them , you have to be politic . 
 This is why I say we just can't go ahead and UNK the Germans and pull down our own defenses . 
 Let me tell you what happened to me today . 
 A fellow came up to me , a Senator , I don't have to tell you his name , and he told me , ' I love the President like a brother , but God damn it , he's UNK me . 
 I've got a quarter of a million Germans in my state , and those UNK tune in on Father UNK every night , and if he tells them to go out and UNK in the public square , that's what they do . 
 He's telling them now to write letters to their UNK opposing the disarmament of Germany . 
 And another one comes to me and he says , ' Look here , there's a mill in my state employs five thousand people making uniforms for the Navy . 
 The Bishop looked at him coldly and said , `` Take it or leave it '' ! ! 
 UNK , there was nothing else to do . 
 He was caught in a machine . 
 But UNK was not easily excited or upset and said quite calmly : `` Let's go and see what it's like '' . 
 UNK was about UNK miles west of Birmingham , near the Georgia border and on the UNK River , a small and dirty stream . 
 The city was a center of manufacture , especially in textiles , and also because of the beauty of some of its surroundings , a residence for many owners of the great industries in north Alabama . 
 But it had , as was usual in southern cities of this sort , a Black Bottom , a low region near the river where the Negroes lived -- servants and laborers huddled together in a region with no sewage save the river , where streets and sidewalks were neglected and where there was much poverty and crime . 
 Wilson came by train from Birmingham and looked the city over ; ; 
 the rather pleasant white city was on the hill where the chief stores were . 
 Beyond were industries and factories . 
 Then they went down to Black Bottom . 
 In the midst of this crowded region was the Allen African Methodist Episcopal Church . 
 It was an old and dirty wooden structure , sadly in need of repair . 
 But it was a UNK . 
 It had been there 50 years or more and everybody in town , black and white , knew of it . 
 It had just suffered a UNK , the final crisis in a long series of UNK . 
 For the old preacher who had been there twenty-five years was dead , and the city UNK him . 
 He was a UNK man , once vigorous but for many years now declining in strength and ability . 
 He was stern and UNK with his flock , but UNK and UNK with the whites , especially the rich who partly supported the church . 
 The UNK Board , headed by a black man named UNK , had practically taken over as the pastor grew old , and had its way with the support of the Amen corner . 
 The characteristic thing about this church was its Amen corner and the weekly religious UNK . 
 A knot of old UNK , chiefly women , listened weekly to a sermon . 
 It began invariably in low tones , almost UNK , and then gradually worked up to high , shrill appeals to God and man . 
 And then the Amen corner took hold , UNK a form of group participation in worship that UNK from years before the Greek chorus , spreading down through the African forest , overseas to the West Indies , and then here in Alabama . 
 With shout and slow dance , with tears and song , with scream and UNK , the corner group was beset by hysteria and shivering , wailing , shouting , possession of something that seemed like an alien and outside force . 
 It spread to most of the audience and was often viewed by visiting whites who UNK behind handkerchief and afterward discussed Negro religion . 
 It sometimes ended in UNK UNK with many lying exhausted and panting on chair and floor . 
 To most of those who composed the Amen corner it was a magnificent and beautiful experience , something for which they lived from week to week . 
 It was often UNK in less wild form at the Wednesday night prayer meeting . 
 Wilson , on his first Sunday , witnessed this with something like UNK . 
 He had preached a short sermon , trying to talk UNK to the audience , to tell them who he was , what he had done in Macon and Birmingham , and what he proposed to do here . 
 He UNK with them on the loss of their old pastor . 
 But then , at mention of that name , the Amen corner broke loose . 
 He had no chance to say another word . 
 At the very end , when the audience was silent and breathless , a collection was taken and then slowly everyone filed out . 
 The audience did not think much of the new pastor , and what the new pastor thought of the audience he did not dare at the time to say . 
 During the next weeks he looked over the situation . 
 First of all there was the UNK , an utterly impossible place for civilized people to live in , originally poorly conceived , apparently not repaired for years , with no plumbing or sewage , with UNK and rot . 
 It was arranged that he would board in the home of one of the old members of the church , a woman named Catt who , as Wilson afterward found , was briefly referred to as The UNK because of her sharp tongue and fierce initiative . 
 Ann Catt was a lonely , devoted soul , never married , conducting a UNK home and devoted to her church , but a perpetual UNK and born critic . 
 She soared over the new pastor like an UNK angel lest he stray from the path and not know all the truth and gossip of which she was chief repository . 
 Then Wilson looked over the church and studied its condition . 
 The salary of the pastor had for years been $500 annually and even this was in arrears . 
 Wilson made up his mind that he must receive at least UNK , but when he mentioned this to the UNK they said nothing . 
 The church itself must be repaired . 
 It was dirty and neglected . 
 It really ought to be rebuilt , and he determined to go up and talk to the city banks about this . 
 Meanwhile , the city itself should be talked to . 
 The streets in the colored section were dirty . 
 There was UNK and UNK . 
 The children had nowhere to go and no place to play , not even sidewalks . 
 The school was small , dark and UNK . 
 The teacher was a UNK fool . 
 There were two liquor saloons not very far from the church , one white , that is conducted for white people with a side entrance for Negroes ; ; 
 the other exclusively Negro . 
 Undoubtedly , there was a good deal of gambling in both . 
 On the other side of the church was a quiet , well-kept house with shutters and recently painted . 
 Wilson inquired about it . 
 It was called Kent House . 
 The UNK of the church , UNK , was its janitor . 
 One of the leading members of the Amen corner was cook ; ; 
 there were two or three colored maids employed there . 
 Wilson was told that it was a sort of hotel for white people , which seemed to him rather queer . 
 Why should a white hotel be set down in the center of Black Bottom ? ? 
 But nevertheless it looked respectable . 
 He was glad to have it there . 
 The rest of Black Bottom was a rabbit UNK of homes in every condition of neglect , UNK and careful upkeep . 
 UNK , carefully repaired huts , and nicely painted and UNK cottages were UNK together cheek by UNK with little distinction . 
 The best could not escape from the worst and the worst UNK UNK beside the better . 
 The yards , front and back , were narrow ; ; 
 some were UNK UNK , some had flower gardens . 
 Behind were UNK , for there was no sewage system . 
 After looking about a bit , Wilson discovered beyond Black Bottom , across the river and far removed from the white city , a considerable tract of land , and it occurred to him that the church and the better Negro homes might gradually be moved to this plot . 
 He talked about it to the Presiding Elder . 
 The Presiding Elder looked him over rather carefully . 
 He was not sure what kind of a man he had in hand . 
 But there was one thing that he had to stress , and that was that the contribution to the general church expenses , the dollar money , had been seriously falling behind in this church , and that must be looked after immediately . 
 In fact , he intimated clearly that that was the reason that Wilson had been sent here -- to make a larger contribution of dollar money . 
 Wilson stressed the fact that clear as this was , they must have a better church , a more UNK conduct of the church organization , and an effort to get this religious center out of its UNK of wild worship into a modern church organization . 
 He emphasized to the Presiding Elder the plan of giving up the old church and moving across the river . 
 The Presiding Elder was sure that that would be impossible . 
 But he told Wilson to `` go ahead and try '' . 
 And Wilson tried . 
 It did seem impossible . 
 The bank which held the mortgage on the old church declared that the interest was considerably in arrears , and the real estate people said flatly that the land across the river was being held for an eventual development for white working people who were coming in , and that none would be sold to colored folk . 
 When it was proposed to rebuild the church , Wilson found that the terms for a new mortgage were very high . 
 He was sure that he could do better if he went to Atlanta to get the deal financed . 
 But when this proposal was made to his UNK Board , he met unanimous opposition . 
 The church certainly would not be removed . 
 The very proposition was UNK . 
 It had been here fifty years . 
 It was going to stay forever . 
 It was hardly possible to get any argument on the subject . 
 As for rebuilding , well , that might be looked into , but there was no hurry , no hurry at all . 
 Wilson again went downtown to a different banker , an intelligent young white man who seemed rather sympathetic , but he shook his head . 
 `` Reverend '' , he said , `` I think you don't quite understand the situation here . 
 Don't you see the amount of money that has been invested by whites around that church ? ? 
 UNK , stores , saloons , some gambling , I hope not too much . 
 The colored people are getting employment at Kent House and other places , and they are near their places of employment . 
 When a city has arranged things like this you cannot easily change them . 
 Now , if I were you I would just plan to repair the old church so it would last for five or ten years . 
 By that time , perhaps something better can be done '' . 
 Then Wilson asked , `` What about this Kent House which you mention ? ? 
 I don't understand why a white hotel should be down here '' . 
 The young banker looked at him with a certain surprise , and then he said flatly : `` I'm afraid I can't tell you anything in particular about Kent House . 
 You'll have to find out about it on your own . 
 Hope to see you again '' . 
 And he dismissed the colored pastor . 
 It was next day that UNK came and sat beside him and took his hand . 
 She said , `` My dear , do you know what Kent House is '' ? ? 
 `` No '' , said Wilson , `` I don't . 
 I was just asking about it . 
 What is it '' ? ? 
 `` It's a house of prostitution for white men with white girls as inmates . 
 They hire a good deal of local labor , including two members of our UNK Board . 
 They buy some supplies from our colored UNK and they are UNK by some of the best white gentlemen in town '' . 
 Wilson stared at her . 
 `` My dear , you must be mistaken '' . 
 `` UNK to Mrs. Catt '' , she said . 
 And after Wilson had talked to Mrs. Catt and to others , he was absolutely amazed . 
 This , of course , was the sort of thing that used to take place in Southern cities -- putting white houses of prostitution with colored girls in colored neighborhoods and carrying them on openly . 
 But it had largely disappeared on account of protest by the whites and through growing resentment on the part of the Negroes as they became more educated and got better wages . 
 But this situation of Kent House was more subtle . 
 The wages involved were larger and more regular . 
 The inmates were white and from out of town , avoiding local friction . 
 The backing from the white town was greater and there was little publicity . 
 Good wages , patronage and subscription of various kinds stopped open protest from Negroes . 
 And yet Wilson knew that this place must go or he must go . 
 And for him to leave this job now without UNK anything would mean practically the end of his career in the Methodist church , if not in all churches . 
 Payne dismounted in Madison Place and handed the reins to Herold . 
 There was a fog , which increased the darkness of the night . 
 Two gas lamps were no more than a misleading glow . 
 He might have been anywhere or nowhere . 
 The pretence was that he was delivering a prescription from Dr. UNK . 
 Secretary of State Seward was a sick man . 
 The idea had come from Herold , who had once been a UNK clerk . 
 The sick were always receiving medicines . 
 No one would question such an errand . 
 The bottle was filled up with flour . 
 Before Payne UNK the Old UNK , UNK home , where Key had once been killed . 
 Now it would have another death . 
 From the outside it was an ordinary enough house of the UNK . 
 He UNK heavily up the stoop and rang the bell . 
 Like the bell at Mass , the UNK was pitched too high . 
 It was still Good Friday , after all . 
 A nigger boy opened the door . 
 Payne did not notice him . 
 He was thinking chiefly of Cap . 
 If their schedules were to UNK , there was no point in wasting time . 
 He pushed his way inside . 
 For a moment the hall confused him . 
 This was the largest house he had ever been in , almost the largest building , except for a hotel . 
 He had no idea where UNK room would be . 
 In the half darkness the UNK gleamed , and the hall seemed enormous . 
 Above him somewhere were the bedrooms . 
 Seward would be up there . 
 He explained his errand , but without bothering much to make it plausible , for he felt something well up in him which was the reason why he had fled the army . 
 He did not really want to kill , but as in the sexual act , there was a moment when the impulse took over and could not be downed , even while you watched yourself giving way to it . 
 He was no longer worried . 
 Everything would be all right . 
 He knew that in this mood he could not be stopped . 
 Still , the sensation always surprised him . 
 It was a thrill he felt no part in . 
 He could only watch with a sort of gentle dismay while his body did these quick , appalling , and efficient things . 
 He brushed by the UNK boy and UNK heavily up the stairs . 
 They were UNK , but made for pumps and UNK UNK , not the great UNK he wore . 
 The sound of his footsteps was like a muffled drum . 
 At the top of the stairs he ran into somebody standing there angrily in a dressing gown . 
 He stopped and whispered his errand . 
 Young Frederick Seward held out his hand . 
 UNK a little , Payne shook his head . 
 Dr. UNK had told him to deliver his package in person . 
 Frederick Seward said his father was sleeping , and then went through a UNK at his father's door , to prove the statement . 
 `` Very well '' , Payne said . 
 `` I will go '' . 
 He smiled , but now that he knew where the elder Seward was , he did not intend to go . 
 He pulled out his pistol and fired it . 
 It made no sound . 
 It had UNK . 
 UNK it , he smashed the butt down on Frederick UNK head , over and over again . 
 It was the first blow that was always difficult . 
 After that , violence was UNK easy . 
 He got caught up into it and became a different person . 
 Only afterwards did an act like that become meaningless , so that he would puzzle over it for days , whereas at the time it had seemed quite real . 
 The nigger boy fled down the stairs , screaming , `` UNK '' . 
 It was not murder at all . 
 Payne was more methodical than that . 
 He was merely clearing a way to what he had to do . 
 He ran for the sick room , found his pistol was broken , and threw it away . 
 A knife would do . 
 From childhood he had known all about knives . 
 Someone blocked the door from inside . 
 He smashed it in and tumbled into darkness . 
 He saw only dimly moving figures , but when he slashed them they yelled and fled . 
 He went for the bed , jumped on it , and struck where he could , repeatedly . 
 It was like finally getting into one's own UNK to UNK one's dreams . 
 Two men pulled him off . 
 Nobody said anything . 
 Payne UNK at their arms . 
 There was a lady there , in a UNK . 
 He would not have wanted to hurt a lady . 
 Another man approached , this one fully dressed . 
 When the knife went into his chest , he went down at once . 
 `` I'm mad '' , shouted Payne , as he ran out into the hall . 
 `` I'm mad '' , and only wished he had been . 
 That would have made things so much easier . 
 But he was not mad . 
 He was only dreaming . 
 He clattered down the stairs and out of the door . 
 Somewhere in the fog , the nigger boy was still yelling murder . 
 One always UNK up , even from one's own dreams . 
 The UNK air revived him . 
 Herold , he saw , had fled . 
 Well , one did not expect much of people like Herold . 
 He UNK his horse , walked it away , mounted , and spurred it on . 
 The nigger boy was close behind him . 
 Then the nigger boy turned back and he was alone . 
 He rode on and on . 
 He had no idea where he was . 
 After some time he came to an open field . 
 An open field was better than a building , that was for sure , so he dismounted , turned off the horse , and plunged through the grass . 
 He felt curiously sleepy , the world seemed far away ; ; 
 he knew he should get to Cap , but he didn't know how . 
 He was sure , for he had done as he was told , hadn't he ? ? 
 Cap would find him and take care of him . 
 So choosing a good tree , he clambered up into it , found a comfortable notch , and curled up in it to sleep , like the UNK bear he was , with his hands across his chest , as though UNK with honey . 
 UNK always made him tired , but he was not frightened . 
 In Boston , Edwin UNK was winding up a performance of A New Way To UNK Old UNK . 
 It was a part so familiar to him that he did not bother to think about it any more . 
 Acting UNK him . 
 On a stage he always knew what to do , and tonight , to judge by the applause , he must be doing it better than usual . 
 As Sir Giles UNK ( how often had he had to play that part , who did not believe a word of it ) , he raised his arm and UNK : `` Where is my UNK now '' ? ? 
 That was one of the high spots of the play . 
 The audience , as usual , loved it . 
 He was delighted to see them so happy . 
 If he had any worries , it was only the small ones , about Mother in New York , and his daughter UNK and what she might be doing at this hour , with her Aunt Asia , in Philadelphia . 
 Everyone is ambivalent about his profession , if he has UNK it long enough , but there were still moments when he loved the stage and all those unseen people out there , who might cheer you or UNK you , but that was largely , though not entirely , up to you . 
 They made the world seem friendly somehow , though he knew it was not . 
 7 , 
 UNK was quite right about one thing . 
 Laura UNK had been in the green room . 
 The commotion had brought her into the wings . 
 Since she could not act , one part suited her as well as any other , and so she was the first person to offer Mr. Lincoln a glass of water , holding it up to the box , high above her head , to Miss Harris , who had asked for it . 
 She had been one of the first to collect her wits . 
 It was not so much that the shot had stunned the audience , as that they had been stunned already . 
 Most of them had seen Our American Cousin before , and unless Miss UNK was on stage , there was not much to it . 
 The theatre was hot and they were drugged with boredom . 
 The stage had been empty , except for Harry Hawk , doing his star UNK . 
 The audience was fond of Harry Hawk , he was a dear , in or out of character , but he was not particularly funny . 
 At the end of the UNK the audience would applaud . 
 Meanwhile it looked at the scenery . 
 `` Well , I guess I know enough to turn you inside out , you UNK old UNK '' ! ! 
 Said UNK , otherwise Hawk . 
 There was always a pause here , before the next line . 
 That was when the gun went off . 
 Yet even that explosion did not mean much . 
 UNK were going off all over Washington City these days , because of the UNK , and the theatre was not UNK . 
 Then the audience saw a small , dim figure appear at the edge of the Presidential box . 
 `` UNK UNK UNK '' , it said mildly . 
 UNK had delivered his line . 
 Behind him UNK a small pungent cloud of smoke . 
 They strained forward . 
 They had not heard what had been said . 
 They had been sitting too long to be able to stand up easily . 
 The figure UNK from the box , almost lost its balance , the flag draped there tore in the air , the figure landed on its left leg , fell on its hands , and pressed itself up . 
 Harry Hawk still had his arm raised towards the wings . 
 His speech UNK . 
 He did not lower his arm . 
 The figure was so UNK dressed , that it was as though a character from some other play had UNK into this one . 
 The play for Saturday night was to be a benefit performance of The UNK . 
 This figure looked like the slave dealer from that . 
 But it also looked like a toad , hopping away from the light . 
 There was something UNK and crazy about its motion that disturbed them . 
 Then it disappeared into the wings . 
 Harry Hawk had not shifted position , but he at last lowered his arm . 
 Mrs. Lincoln screamed . 
 There was no UNK that scream . 
 It was what anyone who had ever seen her had always expected her to do . 
 Yet this scream had a different note in it . 
 That absence of an urgent self-indulgence dashed them awake like a pail of water . 
 UNK Harris , one of the guests in the box , stood up and demanded water . 
 Her action was UNK . 
 When something unexpected happened , one always asked for water if one were a woman , brandy if one were a man . 
 Mrs. Lincoln screamed again . 
 In the Presidential box someone leaned over the UNK and yelled : `` He has shot the President '' ! ! 
 That got everybody up . 
 On the stage , Harry Hawk began to weep . 
 Laura UNK brushed by him with the glass of water . 
 The crowd began to move . 
 In Washington City everyone lived in a bubble of plots , and one death might attract another . 
 It was not exactly panic they gave way to , but they could not just sit there . 
 The UNK voices , for no one could bear silence , drowned out the sound of Mrs. Lincoln's weeping . 
 At the rear of the auditorium , upstairs , some men tried to push open the door to the box corridor . 
 It would not give . 
 A Dr. Charles UNK clambered up on the stage and got the actors to UNK him up to the box . 
 In the audience a man named Ferguson lost his head and tried to rescue a little girl from the mob , on the same principle which had led Miss Harris to demand water . 
 Someone opened the corridor door from the inside , and called for a doctor . 
 Somehow Dr. Charles UNK was forced through the mob and squeezed out into the dingy corridor . 
 He went straight to the Presidential box . 
 As usual , Mrs. Lincoln had lost her head , but nobody blamed her for doing so now . 
 There was a little blood on the hem of her dress , for the assassin had slashed Miss UNK companion , Major UNK , with a knife . 
 UNK said he was bleeding to death . 
 By the look of him he wasn't that far gone . 
 With a UNK , the man spread his legs and , a third time , confronted them . 
 Once more , Katie reared , and UNK in fear . 
 For a moment , boy and mount hung in UNK . 
 Stevie twisted and , frantically , commanded the mare to leap straight ahead . 
 But the stranger was UNK still . 
 With a bold arm , he dared once more to obstruct them . 
 Katie reared a third time , then , trembling , descended . 
 The stranger UNK . 
 UNK the UNK , he UNK with all his might and forced Katie to her knees . 
 It was absurd . 
 Stevie could feel himself UNK . 
 He saw the ground coming up -- and the UNK head . 
 With incredible UNK , he brought his fists together and struck . 
 The blow encountered UNK hair and hard bone . 
 The man uttered a weird cry , spun about , and collapsed in the sand . 
 Katie scrambled to her feet , Stevie UNK retaining his seat . 
 Again Katie reared , and now , UNK , he compelled her to bring her UNK down again and again upon the sprawled figure of the stranger . 
 He could feel his own feet , UNK , striking repeatedly until the body was limp . 
 He UNK , and his lips UNK . 
 He heard himself UNK . 
 They rode around and around to UNK the figure into the sand . 
 Only the top of the head , with a spot bare and white as a UNK , remained visible . 
 Stevie was shouting triumphantly . 
 A train UNK . 
 UNK , he chilled . 
 They were pursuing him . 
 He was frightened ; ; 
 his fists clutched so tightly that his knuckles hurt . 
 Then Katie stumbled , and again he was falling , falling ! ! 
 `` Stevie ! ! 
 Stevie '' ! ! 
 His mother was UNK him , but he was still falling . 
 His head hung over the boards of UNK stall ; ; 
 before it was sprawled the UNK corpse of the bearded stranger . 
 `` Stevie , wake up now ! ! 
 We're nearly there '' . 
 He had been dreaming . 
 He was safe in his UNK arms . 
 The train had slowed . 
 UNK winked as the cars rolled beside a little UNK . 
 `` UNK UNK '' ! ! 
 The UNK called . 
 He came by and repeated , `` UNK UNK '' ! ! 
 Chapter 6 
 Bong ! ! 
 Bong ! ! 
 UNK him awake . 
 The room UNK as if a giant hand had rocked it . 
 Bong ! ! 
 A dull boom and a UNK echo . 
 The walls UNK , the floor trembled , the UNK UNK . 
 He stared at the far morning , expecting a UNK to swing across the horizon . 
 Bong ! ! 
 He raced to the window and yanked at the UNK . 
 Bong ! ! 
 The wood was old , the paint UNK . 
 Bong ! ! 
 A fresh breeze UNK him . 
 Six o'clock ! ! 
 He put his head out . 
 There was the slate roof of the church ; ; 
 UNK climbed the red brick walls like a UNK monster . 
 The clock which had struck presented an innocent face . 
 In the kitchen Mama was wiping the UNK . 
 `` There's a tower and a steeple on the church a million feet high . 
 And the loudest clock in the whole world '' ! ! 
 `` I know , Stephen '' , she smiled . 
 `` They say that our steeple is one hundred and UNK feet high . 
 The clock you heard strike -- it's really the town clock -- was installed last April by Mrs. UNK , on her birthday '' . 
 He dressed , and sped outdoors . 
 He crossed UNK Street to Orange Square . 
 The steeple leaned backward , while the church advanced like a UNK creature in a long , shapeless coat . 
 The spire seemed to hold up the sky . 
 Port UNK , UNK in the UNK , was the city of God . 
 The Dutch UNK Church , with two steeples and its own school was on Main Street ; ; 
 the Episcopal Church was one block down UNK Street ; ; 
 the Catholic Saint Mary's Church , with an even taller steeple and a cross on top , stood on Ball Street . 
 The Catholics had the largest cemetery , near the UNK River where Main Street ran south ; ; 
 Stevie whistled when he passed these alien grounds . 
 God was everywhere , in the UNK , in the steeple , in the clouds , in the trees , and in the mountains UNK on the horizon . 
 Somewhere , beyond , where shadows UNK , must be the UNK pit of which Papa preached and the dreadful Lake of Fire . 
 So , walking in awe , he became familiar with God , who UNK chiefly in Drew UNK Church with its high steeple and clock . 
 There was no church like Drew Church , no preacher like Papa , who was intimate with Him , and could UNK sinners to UNK . 
 To know God he must follow in Papa's footsteps . 
 He was fortunate , and proud . 
 The veterans , UNK on their benches in the Square , beneath the UNK monument , got to their feet when Papa approached : `` UNK , Reverend '' ! ! 
 His being and His will -- Stevie could not divide God from his Papa -- UNK every parish face , turned the choir into a band of angels , and the pulpit into the UNK to Heaven . 
 `` We have nine hundred and eleven members in our charge '' , Mama announced , `` and three hundred and eighty UNK scholars '' . 
 When Papa went out to do God's work , Stevie often accompanied him in the buggy , which was drawn by Violet , the new black mare . 
 Although they UNK UNK as far as UNK , beyond the UNK UNK and the machine shop , and along the Delaware and Hudson UNK , and northward to Brooklyn , below Point Peter , he could see the church spire wherever he looked back . 
 Sometimes they went south and rolled past the UNK -- `` UNK , Reverend '' ! ! 
 -- and crossed the suspension bridge to UNK ; ; 
 that was Pennsylvania . 
 In the Delaware River , three long islands were overgrown with UNK trees and UNK . 
 South of UNK Grove Cemetery , and below the junction of the UNK and the Delaware , was the Tri-State Rock , from which Stevie could spy New Jersey and Pennsylvania , as well as New York , simply by spinning around on his heel . 
 On these UNK , Papa instructed him on man's chief end , which was his duty to God and his own salvation . 
 However , a boy's lively eyes might UNK . 
 Where UNK UNK UNK into the UNK was a magnificent swimming hole . 
 Papa pointed a scornful finger at the UNK youth : `` UNK recreation '' ! ! 
 Stevie saw no UNK ; ; 
 it troubled him that he couldn't always see what Papa saw . 
 He was torn between the excitement in the UNK waters and a little engine UNK northward on the UNK Branch . 
 `` Where you been today '' ? ? 
 Ludie inquired every evening , pretending that he did not care . 
 `` He'll make a preacher out of you '' ! ! 
 `` No , he won't '' ! ! 
 Stevie flared . 
 `` Not me '' ! ! 
 `` UNK got to be a preacher in the family . 
 He made a will and last testament before we left UNK . 
 I heard them ! ! 
 Uncle and Aunt Howe were the witnesses '' . 
 `` Will he die '' ? ? 
 `` Everybody does '' . 
 Ludie could be UNK . 
 To speak of Papa dying was a sin . 
 It could never happen as long as God was alert and the Drew steeple stood guard with its peaked UNK . 
 Stevie was constantly slipping into the church . 
 He pulled with all his strength at the heavy , UNK door , and UNK along the UNK wall . 
 The cold , mysterious presence of God was all around him . 
 At the end of a shaft of light , the UNK appeared to be broad stairs in a long UNK . 
 Far away , standing before a UNK window in the study room , was his father , hands tucked under his UNK , and staring into the dark church . 
 The figure was UNK in an extraordinary UNK . 
 The boy shuddered at the UNK pale countenance with its wrinkles and gray hair . 
 Would Papa really die ? ? 
 The mouth was UNK and wide , the long UNK in the upper lip like a slide . 
 When Papa's slender fingers removed the UNK , there were red UNK on the bridge of the strong nose . 
 `` It's time you began to think on God , Stephen . 
 Perhaps one day He will choose you as He chose me , long ago . 
 Therefore , give Him your affection and store up His love for you . 
 Open your heart to Him and pray , Stephen , pray ! ! 
 For His mercy and His guidance to spare you from evil and eternal punishment in the Lake of Fire '' . 
 Stevie had heard these words many times , yet on each occasion they caused him to tremble . 
 For he feared the Lake of Fire . 
 He strove to think of God and His eternal wrath ; ; 
 he must pray to be spared . 
 Papa was disappointed that none of the brothers had heard the Call . 
 Not George , UNK , or Ted , certainly not Ludie . 
 UNK was at UNK and Will at Albany Law School , where they surely could not hear it . 
 Someday God would choose him . 
 He would hear the Call and would run to tell Papa . 
 The stern face would relax , the UNK arms would embrace him , `` My son '' ! ! 
 Yet how might he know the Call when it came ? ? 
 Probably , as in Scriptures , a still , small voice would whisper . 
 It would UNK him once ; ; 
 if he missed it , never again . 
 What if it came when he was playing , or was asleep and dreaming ? ? 
 He must not fail to hear it . 
 He was Papa's chosen ; ; 
 therefore , nothing but good could happen to him , even in God's UNK storms . 
 When the skies grew dark and thunder rolled across the valley , he was unafraid . 
 UNK might fly into a closet , shut the door and bury her head in the clothes ; ; 
 he dared to wait for the lightning . 
 UNK could strike you blind if you were a sinner ! ! 
 But he was good . 
 He clenched his fists and faced the terror . 
 UNK crashed ; ; 
 barrels tumbled down the UNK , and bounced and bounced till their own fury split them open . 
 UNK might strike the steeples of the other churches ; ; 
 not of Drew Church . 
 A flash UNK the trees as a UNK bolt UNK in several directions . 
 Violet UNK from the stable . 
 He ran out into the UNK , sped across the yard and into the buggy room . 
 `` Don't be afraid , Violet '' ! ! 
 He shouted , and was UNK at the echoes . 
 `` Don't you be afraid '' ! ! 
 He would save her . 
 If there was a fire or a flood he would save Mama first and Violet next . 
 UNK and shaking , he stood near the UNK stall and dared to UNK her muzzle . 
 `` Don't you be afraid , Violet '' ! ! 
 After the storm , the sky cleared blue and cool , and UNK air swept the hills . 
 When the sun came out , Stevie strode proudly into Orange Square , smiling like a landlord on UNK tenants . 
 The fountain had UNK over , the cannon were wet , the UNK monument glistened . 
 Even before the benches had dried , the Civil War veterans were UNK back to their places . 
 The great spire shone as if the lightning had polished it . 
 He jumped . 
 The pointed shadow had nearly touched him . 
 He trailed Ludie to the baseball game in the lot on Kingston Street near the Dutch UNK . 
 `` Go on home '' ! ! 
 Ludie screeched at him . 
 `` UNK tell Papa '' ! ! 
 No one told on Ludie , not even when he slipped live grasshoppers into the UNK . 
 Ludie did as he pleased . 
 Ludie took his UNK and climbed to the UNK to shoot at UNK . 
 Ludie chewed UNK UNK . 
 Ludie had a cigar box full of UNK and UNK , and a Roman candle from last Fourth of July . 
 Ludie hopped rides on freight cars , and was UNK by Mr. UNK , the railroad guard . 
 He came home UNK , ran straight to the UNK , and UNK UNK cold water . 
 Stevie envied him . 
 That Ludie ! ! 
 He , too , cocked his cap at a UNK angle , UNK UNK in his pocket , and UNK down Main Street . 
 On the UNK lawn , little girls in white UNK were playing UNK at a tea party . 
 A UNK sat solemnly beside a UNK half his size . 
 Stevie UNK for a dog . 
 He wondered whether God had a dog in the sky . 
 He UNK down Pike Street , past the First National Bank with its green window shades . 
 He crossed the tracks to Delaware House , where ladies in gay dresses and men in straw UNK and waxed UNK crowded the UNK . 
 A tall lady , with a UNK collar very low on her bosom , turned UNK green eyes upon him . 
 She was taller than UNK . 
 She was so beautiful with her rosy mouth and UNK air that she had to be wicked . 
 UNK screeched ; ; 
 a piano UNK . 
 `` P. J. '' -- as Ludie called the town -- was crowded with summer people who came to the mountains to escape the heat in the big cities . 
 They stayed at hotels and UNK , or at private homes . 
 Rich people went to Delaware House , Opera House , American House or UNK House . 
 If the UNK bastard could write ! ! 
 That's how it should be . 
 It's those two fucken UNK ! ! 
 UNK , I wish they could write ! ! 
 UNK pussy . 
 He thought of sweet wet nigger pussy . 
 Oh , sweet land of heaven , UNK there just UNK like sweet nigger pussy ! ! 
 He thought of her , the first one . 
 He had caught her coming out of the UNK . 
 She was a juicy one . 
 Oh how they bounced ! ! 
 Fresh , warm , sweet and juicy , sweet UNK sixteen , she was . 
 Man , how I love nigger pussy ! ! 
 The snow came a little faster now , he noted . 
 He thought of Joe Harris , the nigger who had gone after his sister . 
 He chuckled , the memory vivid . 
 UNK , We Fixed him ! ! 
 UNK , we fixed him ! ! 
 The snow again . 
 If only the fucken weather wasn't so lousy ! ! 
 Goddamn UNK , Lord . 
 What I have to put up with ! ! 
 UNK , I can't figure out what in hell for they went and put UNK in my squad for . 
 Only one worth a UNK , and that's Brandon . 
 He ain't so bad . 
 His thoughts turned to other things . 
 The big shock everybody had when they found UNK Slater and those others done for . 
 UNK for . 
 He had been pretty scared himself , wondering what the hell was coming off . 
 But he soon saw which way the ball was bouncing . 
 Soon came back to his senses . 
 `` I soon came back to my senses '' , he said , aloud , to the young blizzard , proudly , drawing himself up , as if making a report to some important superior . 
 I was the first to get my squad on the ball , and anybody UNK it was easy is pretty damn dumb . 
 Look at UNK . 
 That goddamn UNK was the worst . 
 He kept UNK , not me , not me , I don't UNK wind up like em . 
 But I told him , UNK . 
 `` I told him '' , he said aloud They'll get the guys that done it . 
 That'll put the place back to normal . 
 UNK , by God . 
 Maybe it's a good thing it happened . 
 Maybe they'll stop it now , once for all . 
 Clean the place up . 
 They're UNK it now . 
 I hear the whole bunch is UNK out in the snow . 
 They'll get the guys that done it . 
 There was something UNK him though : as yet they hadn't Five days . 
 UNK . 
 UNK UNK of annoyance ran through him . 
 His eyes blinked hard , snapping on and UNK some bad things that were trying to push their way into him . 
 A tune began to UNK inside his head . 
 One of his favorites : `` UNK UNK '' . 
 It always came on , faithfully , just like a radio or UNK box , whenever he started to worry too much about something , when the bad things tried to push their way into him . 
 The music drove them off , or away , and he was free to walk on air in a very few moments , humming and UNK within , beating the rhythm within . 
 He glowed with anticipation about what would happen to the UNK when they caught them . 
 Turn the bastards over to me -- to me and my boys -- no nigger ever got what would be UNK to them -- reactionary bastards . 
 He had never heard the word reactionary before his life as a UNK began . 
 It was a word he was proud of , a word that meant much to him , and he used it with great pleasure , almost as if it were an exclusive possession , and more : he sensed himself to be very highly educated , four cuts above any of the folks back home . 
 `` Four cuts at least '' , he chuckled to himself , `` and I owe it all to them '' . 
 The word also made him feel hate , sincere hate , for those so labeled . 
 He used it very effectively when he wanted to get his squad on the ball . 
 It came up again and again in the discussion sessions . 
 UNK Reactionary bastards been UNK to UNK up the Program for months . 
 UNK . 
 UNK , hard UNK of the UNK UNK . 
 Not captured , sent here . 
 To UNK up the program . 
 You guys remember that . 
 Remember that He heard himself UNK them . 
 He saw himself before them delivering the speech . 
 He laughed , suddenly , feeling a surge of power telling him of his hold over them , seeing himself before them , receiving utmost respect and attention . 
 One day , Ching had told him ( smiling , patting him on the back ) as they walked to the weekly conference of squad leaders , `` Keep it up , your squad is good , one of the best , keep it up , keep up the good work '' . 
 He would ! ! 
 That was really something , coming from Ching . 
 `` Really something '' , he said , aloud . 
 UNK Reactionary bastards UNK down here in the night and UNK off UNK Slater and those other poor bastards . 
 `` They'll get them by God and let them bring them down here to me , just let them , God , I'll slice their balls right off . 
 '' His arm moved swiftly , violently , once , twice . 
 He felt intense satisfaction . 
 He was tingling within . 
 Before him , UNK , bleeding to death , they lay . 
 It was as if it had been done . 
 `` UNK '' , he said aloud , spitting on them . 
 He halted , and looked around . 
 UNK of cold sweat were suddenly UNK within him . 
 The thought came back , the one nagging at him these past four days . 
 He tried to UNK it . 
 But the words were forming . 
 He knew he couldn't . 
 He braced himself . 
 UNK UNK start UNK . 
 He fought it , seeking to kill the last few words , but on they came out . 
 He was trembling , a strange feeling upon him , fully expecting some catastrophe to strike him dead on the spot . 
 But it didn't . 
 And he took heart ; ; 
 the final word came forth . 
 Now he heard it , fully ; ; 
 `` bout UNK his place '' He listened , waited , nothing happened . 
 He felt good . 
 His old self . 
 The music arrived , taking him its rhythm . 
 UNK him , UNK all through him , the lyrics lifted him , took him from one magic isle to another , stopping briefly at each Brandon . 
 He is good . 
 Damn good . 
 But a nigger . 
 Johnson . 
 Jesus , the guy says he is trying . 
 But he isn't with it , not at all with it . 
 When I talked to Ching about it , he said , Everyone can learn , if he is not a Reactionary or lazy . 
 No one is stupid . 
 That's what he said . 
 He UNK know . 
 It is plain as hell Johnson is no reactionary . 
 So you're not UNK , Johnson , you bastard you . 
 He looked over at him , lying there , asleep , and he felt a wave of revulsion . 
 How he loathed him . 
 UNK , UNK Johnson , UNK UNK in my side of the whole fucken squad . 
 He was the guy what always UNK at Question Time . 
 Why couldn't they have dumped him off on someone else ? ? 
 Why me ? ? 
 Why didn't the damn UNK bump him off ? ? 
 Why Slater ? ? 
 Like a particle drawn to a UNK he returned to that which was pressing so hard in his mind . 
 The music surged up , but it failed to check it . 
 Who is the man to take His place ? ? 
 The guy with most on the Ball . 
 Most on the ball . 
 UNK men . 
 UNK UNK up . 
 UNK the score With a supreme effort , he broke it off . 
 He turned to the window again . 
 A gnawing and UNK within him . 
 The snow was UNK down furiously now . 
 UNK UNK hitting the ground , piling higher and higher . 
 He stared at it , amazed , alarmed . 
 The whole fucken UNK UNK in ! ! 
 UNK ! ! 
 UNK it ! ! 
 UNK the whole building , bury us all , by nightfall . 
 Jesus ! ! 
 Somebody , got to be somebody If I don't put my two cents in soon , somebody else will I know they're UNK only for one thing : for the bastards what done it to be nailed . 
 Maybe they already got them . 
 He was again tingling with pleasure , seeing himself clearly in UNK shoes . 
 Top dog , sleeping and eating right there with the Staff . 
 Ching , UNK , all of them . 
 Top dog . 
 Poor UNK Slater . 
 Jesus , imagine , the UNK bastards , they'll get em , they'll get what's UNK to em . 
 He whirled about suddenly . 
 It was nothing , though his heart was thumping wildly . 
 Somebody was up . 
 That was all . 
 `` Boy , you're UNK early '' , a sleepy voice said . 
 `` UNK '' , said Coughlin , UNK , eyeing him up and down . 
 `` UNK that come down , UNK '' , said the man , scratching himself , UNK . 
 `` UNK '' , said Coughlin , practically spitting on him . 
 The man moved away . 
 That's the way . 
 They'll toe the line . 
 Goddamn it . 
 Keep the chatter to a minimum , short answers , one word , if possible . 
 Less bull the more you can do with em . 
 That's Brown's trouble . 
 All he does is to UNK with his squad , and they are the UNK bastards around . 
 Just about to get their UNK kicked into hut Seven . 
 Plenty of room there now . 
 All those dumb UNK UNK . 
 You can do anything with these dumb UNK if you know how . 
 Anything . 
 They'd cut their UNK belly open . 
 Give UNK the works . 
 See , he's already snapping it up , the dumb UNK . 
 Coughlin grinned , feeling supremely on top of things . 
 He watched the snow once again . 
 It UNK him . 
 It made no sense to him . 
 He whirled around , suddenly hot all over , finding the man who had been standing before him a few moments back , UNK him to the spot on which he now stood , UNK . 
 `` You , Listen ! ! 
 -- name William UNK Four Internal UNK in UNK . 
 UNK -- UNK -- now '' ! ! 
 The man UNK before the hot fury , searching frantically for the answer . 
 UNK woke up . 
 There was a hell of a noise this time of morning . 
 He stared out the window . 
 For Christ's sake ! ! 
 The whole fucken UNK UNK in ! ! 
 He looked for the source of the noise that had awakened him . 
 It was that UNK Coughlin . 
 What the hell was he up to now ? ? 
 Why didn't he drop dead ? ? 
 How did they miss him when they got Slater ? ? 
 How ? ? 
 Then he was asking himself the usual early morning questions : What the Hell am I UNK here ? ? 
 Is this a UNK ? ? 
 UNK I nuts ? ? 
 Is this for real ? ? 
 UNK I UNK ? ? 
 From somewhere in the hut came UNK voice . 
 `` How long did you study ? ? 
 How long , buddy '' ? ? 
 `` For Christ's sake '' ! ! 
 A voice pleaded . 
 `` Don't UNK me , buddy ! ! 
 Just answer . 
 C'mon -- UNK ! ! 
 '' 
 I'm no hero . 
 Did I start the damn war ? ? 
 UNK , UNK started going over today's lesson . 
 UNK UNK from the core . 
 Did I start the damn war ? ? 
 Who did ? ? 
 That's a good one . 
 I thought I knew . 
 Why don't Uncle Sam mind his own fucken business ? ? 
 I'll bet both together did . 
 I bet . 
 So UNK them both . 
 Goddamn . 
 UNK . 
 Just let me go home to Jersey , back to the shore , oh , Jesus , the shore . 
 The waves UNK in on you and your girl at night there on the warm beach in the moonlight . 
 If I UNK do this to stay alive by God I'll do it . 
 I hated the goddamn army from the first day I got in anyhow . 
 All UNK like Coughlin run it anyway , one way or another . 
 UNK them . 
 He rolled over and tried to shut out the noise , now much louder . 
 He snuggled into the blanket . 
 Brandon dreamed . 
 He was sitting on top of a log which was spinning round and around in the water . 
 A river , wide as the Missouri , where it ran by his place . 
 The log was spinning . 
 But he was not . 
 So what ? ? 
 Why should I be spinning just because the goddamn log is spinning ? ? 
 ( he asked this out loud , but no one heard it over the other noise in the hut ) . 
 Over on the bank , the west bank , a man stood , calling to him . 
 He couldn't make out what he was saying . 
 No doubt it had to do with the log . 
 Why should he be concerned ? ? 
 Rousseau is so persuasive that Voltaire is almost convinced that he should burn his books , too . 
 But while the two men are riding into the country , where they are going to dinner , they are attacked in the dark of the forest by a band of thieves , who strip them of everything , including most of their clothes . 
 `` You must be a very learned man '' , says Voltaire to one of the UNK . 
 `` A learned man '' ? ? 
 The UNK laughs in his face . 
 But Voltaire UNK . 
 He goes to the chief himself . 
 `` At what university did you study '' ? ? 
 He asks . 
 He refuses to believe that the UNK chief never attended a higher institution . 
 `` To have become so corrupt '' , he says , `` surely you must have studied many arts and sciences '' . 
 The chief , annoyed by these questions , UNK Voltaire down and shouts at him that he not only never went to any school , but never even learned how to read . 
 When finally the two UNK men reach their UNK home , UNK fears are once again aroused . 
 For it is such a distinguished place , with such fine works of art and such a big library , that there can be little doubt but that the owner has become UNK by all this culture . 
 To UNK surprise , however , their host gives them fresh clothes to put on , opens his purse to lend them money and sits them down before a good dinner . 
 Immediately after dinner , however , Rousseau asks for still another favor . 
 Could he have pen and paper , please ? ? 
 He is in a hurry to write another essay against culture . 
 Such was the UNK that Voltaire gave to UNK of laughter at UNK UNK and that was soon circulated in manuscript throughout the literary circles of Europe , to be printed sometime later , but with the name of UNK of Athens , the famous UNK , substituted for that of Rousseau . 
 How cruel ! ! 
 But at the same time how understandable . 
 How could the rich , for whom life was made so simple , ever understand the UNK , the lies , the frauds , the errors , sins and even crimes to which the poor were driven in their efforts to overcome the great advantages the rich had in the race of life ? ? 
 How , for example , could a Voltaire understand the strange UNK in which a Rousseau would find himself when , soon after the UNK of his first UNK , he acquired still another title to fame ? ? 
 This time as a musician . 
 As a composer . 
 Ever since he had first begun to study music and to teach it , Rousseau had dreamed of UNK through to fame as the result of a successful opera . 
 But his facility in this UNK was not great . 
 And his efforts to get a performance for his UNK UNK invariably failed . 
 And for good reasons . 
 His operatic music had little merit . 
 But then one day , while on a week's visit to the country home of a retired Swiss UNK , Rousseau amused the company with a few little melodies he had written , to which he attached no great importance . 
 He was really amazed to discover the other guests so excited about these delicate little songs . 
 `` Put a few such songs together '' , they urged him . 
 `` UNK them onto some sort of little plot , and you'll have a delightful operetta '' . 
 He didn't believe them . 
 `` UNK '' , he said . 
 `` This is the sort of stuff I write and then throw away '' ! ! 
 `` Heaven forbid '' ! ! 
 Cried the ladies , enchanted by his music . 
 `` You must make an opera out of this material '' . 
 And they wouldn't leave off arguing and pleading until he had promised . 
 Oh , the irony and the bitterness of it ! ! 
 That after all his years of effort to become a composer , he should now , now when he was still UNK UNK to the critics of his UNK on the Arts and Sciences , be so close to a success in music and have to reject it . 
 Or at least appear to reject it ! ! 
 But what else could he do ? ? 
 You couldn't on the one hand UNK the arts and at the same time practice them , could you ? ? 
 Well , yes , perhaps in literature , since you could argue that you couldn't keep silent about your feelings against literature and so were involved in spite of yourself . 
 But now music too ? ? 
 No . 
 That would be too much ! ! 
 And the fault , of course , was Rameau's . 
 The fault was Rameau's and that of the whole culture of this UNK age . 
 For it was Rameau's type of music that he had been trying to write , and that he couldn't write . 
 These little songs , however , were sweet UNK from the heart , tender memories of his childhood , little melodies that anyone could hum and that would make one want to weep . 
 But no . 
 He couldn't appear as a composer now . 
 That glory , UNK for so long , was now forbidden to him . 
 Still , just for the ladies , and just for this once , for this one weekend in the country , he would make a little piece out of his melodies . 
 The ladies were delighted and Jean Jacques was applauded . 
 And everyone went to work to learn the parts which he wrote . 
 But then , after the little operetta had been given its feeble amateur rendering , everyone insisted that it was too good to be lost forever , and that the Royal Academy of Music must now have the manuscript in order to give it the really first-rate performance it merited . 
 Rousseau was aware that he must seem like a UNK , standing there and arguing that he could not possibly permit a public performance . 
 The ladies especially couldn't understand what troubled him . 
 A contradiction ? ? 
 UNK , what was a contradiction in one's life ? ? 
 Every woman has had the experience of saying no when she meant yes , and saying yes when she meant no . 
 Rousseau had to admit that though he couldn't agree to a public performance , he would indeed , just for his own private satisfaction , UNK love to know how his work would sound when done by professional musicians and by trained voices . 
 `` I'd simply like to know if it is as good as you kind people seem to think '' , he said . 
 Duclos , the historian , pointed out to Jean Jacques that this was impossible . 
 The musicians of the Royal Opera would not UNK a work merely to see how it would sound . 
 UNK to satisfy the author's curiosity . 
 Rousseau agreed . 
 But he recalled that UNK had once had a private performance of his opera UNK , behind closed doors , just for himself alone . 
 Duclos understood what was bothering Rousseau : that the writer of the UNK of UNK should now become known as the writer of an amusing little operetta . 
 That would certainly be UNK . 
 But Duclos thought he saw a way out . 
 `` Let me do the submitting to the Royal Academy '' , he suggested . 
 `` Your name will never appear . 
 No one will even suspect that it is your work '' . 
 To that Rousseau could agree . 
 But now what crazy twists and turns of his emotions ! ! 
 UNK at one and the same time that his work might be turned down -- which would be a blow to his pride even though no one knew he was the author -- and that the work would be accepted , and then that his violent feelings in the matter would certainly betray how deeply concerned he was in spite of himself . 
 And how anxious this lover of obscurity was for applause ! ! 
 And thus torn between his desire to be known as the composer of a successful opera and the necessity of remaining true to his proclaimed desire for UNK , Rousseau suffered through several painful weeks . 
 All these emotions were screwed up to new heights when , after acceptance and the first rehearsals , there ensued such a buzz of excitement among UNK music lovers that Duclos had to come running to Rousseau to inform him that the news had reached the superintendent of the King's UNK , and that he was now demanding that the work be offered first at the royal summer palace of UNK . 
 Imagine the honor of it ! ! 
 `` What was your answer '' ? ? 
 Jean Jacques asked , striving to appear UNK . 
 `` I refused '' , Duclos said . 
 `` What else could I do ? ? 
 Monsieur De UNK was UNK , of course . 
 But I said I would first have to get the author's permission . 
 And I was certain he would refuse '' . 
 How UNK all this was ! ! 
 Why had not this success come to him before he had plunged into his UNK , and before he had committed himself to a life of UNK and denial ? ? 
 Now , when everything was opening up to him -- even the court of Louis 15 ! ! 
 -- he had to play a role of UNK . 
 Back and forth Duclos had to go , between M. De UNK and Jean Jacques and between the Duke UNK and Jean Jacques again , as his little operetta , The Village UNK , though still UNK , took on ever more importance . 
 And of course the news of who the composer was did finally begin to get around among his closest friends . 
 But they , naturally , kept his secret well , and the public at large knew only of a great excitement in musical and court circles . 
 How UNK it was to go among people who did not know him as the composer , but who talked in the most glowing terms of the promise of the piece after having heard the first rehearsals . 
 The UNK was such that people who could not possibly have UNK their way into the rehearsals were pretending that they were intimate with the whole affair and that it would be sensational . 
 And listening to such a conversation one morning while taking a cup of chocolate in a cafe , Rousseau found himself bathed in UNK , trembling lest his UNK become known , and at the same time dreaming of the startling effect he would make if he should proclaim himself suddenly as the composer . 
 He felt himself now , as he himself says in his UNK , at a crucial point of his life . 
 And that was why , on the day of the performance , when a carriage from the royal UNK called to take him to the palace , he did not bother to shave . 
 On the contrary , he was pleased that his face showed a neglect of several days . 
 Seeing him in that condition , and about to enter the hall where the King , the Queen , the whole royal family and all the members of the highest aristocracy would be present , UNK and the UNK UNK and others tried to stop him . 
 `` You can't go in that way '' ! ! 
 They cried . 
 `` Why not '' ? ? 
 Jean Jacques asked . 
 `` Who is going to stop me '' ? ? 
 `` You haven't dressed for the occasion '' ! ! 
 They pointed out to him . 
 `` I'm dressed as I always am '' , Rousseau said . 
 `` Neither better nor worse '' . 
 `` At home , yes '' , they argued . 
 `` But here you are in the palace . 
 There's the King . 
 And Madame De UNK '' . 
 `` If they are here , then surely I have the right to be here '' , Rousseau said . 
 `` And even more right . 
 Since I am the composer '' ! ! 
 `` But in such a UNK condition '' . 
 `` What is UNK about me '' ? ? 
 Rousseau asked . 
 `` Is it because of my UNK that hair grows on my face ? ? 
 Surely it would grow there whether I washed myself or not . 
 A hundred years ago I would have worn a beard with pride . 
 And those without beards would have stood out as not dressed for the occasion . 
 Now times have changed , and I must pretend that hair doesn't grow on my face . 
 That's the fashion . 
 And fashion is the real king here . 
 Not Louis 15 , , since even he UNK . 
 Now , if you don't mind , I should like to hear my own piece performed '' . 
 But of course behind his UNK he didn't feel bold at all . 
 He trembled lest his piece should fail . 
 And this in addition to his usual fear of being among people of high society , his fear of making some UNK or inappropriate remark . 
 And even deeper than that : his fear lest in this closed hall he should suddenly itch to relieve himself . 
 Could he walk out in the midst of his piece ? ? 
 Here , before the court ? ? 
 Before the King ? ? 
 It was the first time any of us had laughed since the morning began . 
 The rider from Concord was as good as his word . 
 He came UNK and UNK down the road , his horse kicking up clouds of dust , shouting : 
 `` They're UNK ! ! 
 By God , they're UNK , they are '' ! ! 
 We heard him before he ever showed , and we heard him yelling after he was out of sight . 
 UNK Chandler hadn't UNK the strength of his lungs , not at all . 
 I think you could have heard him a mile away , and he was bursting at every seam with importance . 
 I have observed that being up on a horse changes the whole character of a man , and when a very small man is up on a saddle , he'd like as not prefer to eat his meals there . 
 That's understandable , and I appreciate the sentiment . 
 As for this rider , I never saw him before or afterwards and never saw him dismounted , so whether he stood tall or short in his shoes , I can't say ; ; 
 but I do know that he gave the day tone and distinction . 
 The last thing in the world that resembled a war was our line of farmers and UNK and mechanics perched on top of a stone wall , and this dashing rider made us feel a good deal UNK and more alert to the situation . 
 We came down off the wall as if he had UNK all of us , and we crouched behind it . 
 I have heard people talk with contempt about the British regulars , but that only proves that a lot of people talk about things of which they are UNK ignorant . 
 Whatever we felt about the redcoats , we respected them in terms of their trade , which was killing ; ; 
 and I know that I , myself , was UNK with apprehension and fear and that my hands were soaking wet where they held my gun . 
 I wanted to wipe my UNK , but I didn't dare to , the state my hands were in , just as I didn't dare to do anything about the UNK . 
 The gun would fire or not , just as chance willed . 
 I put a lot more trust in my two legs than in the gun , because the most important thing I had learned about war was that you could run away and survive to talk about it . 
 The gunfire , which was so near that it seemed just a piece up the road now , stopped for long enough to count to twenty ; ; 
 and in that brief interval , a redcoat officer came tearing down the road , whipping his horse fit to kill . 
 I don't know whether he was after our rider , who had gone by a minute before , or whether he was simply UNK conditions ; ; 
 but when he passed us by , a musket roared , and he reared his horse , swung it around , and began to whip it back in the direction from which he had come . 
 He was a fine and UNK rider , but his skill was wasted on us . 
 From above me and somewhere behind me , a rifle cracked . 
 The redcoat officer collapsed like a UNK UNK , and the horse reared and threw him from the saddle , except that one UNK foot caught in the UNK . 
 Half UNK by the weight dragging , the dust , and the heat , the horse leaped our wall , dashing out the UNK brains against it , and leaving him lying there among us -- while the horse crashed away through the brush . 
 It was my initiation to war and the insane symphony war plays ; ; 
 for what had happened on the common was only terror and flight ; ; 
 but this grinning , broken head , not ten feet away from me , was the sharp definition of what my reality had become . 
 And now the redcoats were coming , and the gunfire was a part of the dust cloud on the road to the west of us . 
 I must state that the faster things happened , the slower they happened ; ; 
 the passage and rhythm of time changed , and when I remember back to what happened then , each event is a separate and frozen incident . 
 In my recollection , there was a long interval between the death of the officer and the appearance of the first of the retreating redcoats , and in that interval the dust cloud over the road seems to hover indefinitely . 
 Yet it could not have been more than a matter of seconds , and then the front of the British army came into view . 
 It was only hours since I had last seen them , but they had changed and I had changed . 
 In the very front rank , two men were wounded and staggered along , trailing blood behind them . 
 No UNK here , no UNK , and the red coats were covered with a fine film of dust . 
 They marched with UNK fixed , and as fixed on their faces was anger , fear , and torment . 
 UNK after rank of them came down the road , and the faces were all the same , and they walked in a sea of dust . 
 `` UNK , hold your fire ! ! 
 Hold your fire '' ! ! 
 A voice called , and what made it even more terrible and unreal was that the redcoat ranks never paused for an instant , only some of them glancing toward the stone wall , from behind which the voice came . 
 The front of their column had already passed us , when another officer came riding down the side of the road , not five paces from where we were . 
 My Cousin Simmons carried a musket , but he had loaded it with bird shot , and as the officer came opposite him , he rose up behind the wall and fired . 
 One moment there was a man in the saddle ; ; 
 the next a UNK horror on a horse that bolted through the redcoat ranks , and during the next second or two , we all of us fired into the suddenly disorganized column of soldiers . 
 One moment , the road was filled with disciplined troops , marching four by four with a purpose as UNK as death ; ; 
 the next , a cloud of gun smoke covered a screaming fury of sound , out of which the redcoat soldiers emerged with their UNK and their cursing fury . 
 In the course of this , they had fired on us ; ; 
 but I have no memory of that . 
 I had squeezed the trigger of my own gun , and to my amazement , it had fired and kicked back into my shoulder with the force of an angry mule ; ; 
 and then I was adding my own voice to the UNK of sound , hurling more vile language than I ever thought I knew , UNK and shouting , and aware that if I had passed water before , it was not enough , for my pants were soaking wet . 
 I would have stood there and died there if left to myself , but Cousin Simmons grabbed my arm in his UNK grip and fairly plucked me out of there ; ; 
 and then I came to some UNK and plunged away with such extraordinary speed that I UNK Cousin Simmons by far . 
 Everyone else was running . 
 Later we realized that the redcoats had stopped their charge at the wall . 
 Their only hope of survival was to hold to the road and keep marching . 
 We tumbled to a stop in UNK UNK cow hole , a UNK bit of pasture with a muddy pool of water in its middle . 
 A dozen cows UNK sadly and regarded us as if we were insane , as perhaps we were at that moment , with the crazy excitement of our first encounter , the yelling and shooting still continuing up at the road , and the thirst of some of the men , which was so great that they UNK into the muddy water and UNK up UNK of it . 
 Isaac UNK , one of the men from Lincoln , had taken a musket ball in his belly ; ; 
 and though he had found the strength to run with us , now he collapsed and lay on the ground , dying , the Reverend holding his head and wiping his hot brow . 
 It may appear that we were cruel and callous , but no one had time to spend UNK with poor Isaac -- except the Reverend . 
 I know that I myself felt that it was a mortal shame for a man to be torn open by a British musket ball , as Isaac had been , yet I also felt relieved and lucky that it had been him and not myself . 
 I was drunk with excitement and the smell of UNK that came floating down from the road , and the fact that I was not afraid now , but only waiting to know what to do next . 
 Meanwhile , I UNK my gun , as the other men were doing . 
 We were less than a quarter of a mile from the road , and we could trace its shape from the ribbon of powder smoke and dust that hung over it . 
 UNK you looked , you saw UNK running across the meadows , some away from the road , some toward it , some parallel to it ; ; 
 and about a mile to the west a cluster of at least fifty UNK were making their way in our direction . 
 Cousin Joshua and some others felt that we should march toward Lexington and take up new positions ahead of the UNK British column , but another group maintained that we should stick to this spot and this section of road . 
 I didn't offer any advice , but I certainly did not want to go back to where the officer lay with his brains dashed out . 
 Someone said that while we were standing here and arguing about it , the British would be gone ; ; 
 but Cousin Simmons said he had watched them marching west early in the morning , and moving at a much UNK pace it had still taken half an hour for their column to pass , what with the UNK of the road and their baggage and ammunition carts . 
 While this was being discussed , we saw the militia to the west of us fanning out and breaking into little clusters of two and three men as they approached the road . 
 It was the opinion of some of us that these must be part of the UNK who had been in the Battle of the North Bridge , which entitled them to a sort of veteran status , and we felt that if they employed this tactic , it was likely enough the best one . 
 UNK Dover said : 
 `` It makes sense . 
 If we cluster together , the redcoats can make an advantage out of it , but there's not a blessed thing they can do with two or three of us except chase us , and we can outrun them '' . 
 That settled it , and we broke into parties of two and three . 
 Cousin Joshua Dover decided to remain with the Reverend and poor Isaac UNK until life passed away -- and he was hurt so badly he did not seem for long in this world . 
 I went off with Cousin Simmons , who maintained that if he didn't see to me , he didn't know who would . 
 `` Good heavens , Adam '' , he said , `` I thought one thing you'd have no trouble learning is when to get out of a place '' . 
 `` I learned that now '' , I said . 
 We ran east for about half a mile before we turned back to the road , panting from the effort and soaked with sweat . 
 There was a clump of trees that appeared to provide cover right up to the road , and the shouting and gunfire never UNK . 
 Under the trees , there was a dead redcoat , a young boy with a UNK white skin and a face full of UNK , who had taken a rifle ball directly between the eyes . 
 Three men were around him . 
 They had stripped him of his musket and equipment , and now they were pulling his boots and jacket off . 
 Cousin Simmons grabbed one of them by the shoulder and flung him away . 
 `` God's name , what are you to UNK the dead with the fight going on '' ! ! 
 Cousin Simmons roared . 
 They tried to UNK him , but Joseph Simmons was as wide as two average men , and it would have taken UNK men than these were to UNK him . 
 That summer the gambling houses were closed , despite the threats of Pierre UNK , a UNK manufacturer . 
 UNK was no longer permitted in the streets . 
 The UNK and other places of prostitution were emptied . 
 The slit UNK had to go . 
 UNK was no longer tolerated . 
 In defiance , a UNK UNK , Jake Camaret , marched down the aisle in St. Peter's one Sunday morning , followed by one of the women from the UNK , whose dress and walk plainly showed the lack of any shame . 
 UNK themselves down on the front bench , they turned to UNK at those around them . 
 John's first impulse was to denounce their blasphemy . 
 But the thought occurred that God would want this opportunity used to tell them about Him . 
 UNK he opened the Bible and read of the woman at the well . 
 He finished the worship service as if there had been no UNK attempt to UNK God and man . 
 The next morning , as the clock struck nine , he appeared at the Council meeting in the Town Hall and insisted that the couple would have to be punished if the Church was to be respected . 
 `` I have told you before , and I tell you again '' , Monsieur Favre said UNK . 
 `` UNK to the preaching of the Gospel '' ! ! 
 John stiffened in anger . 
 `` That is the answer the UNK will always make when the Church points its fingers at their sins . 
 I say to you that the Church will ever UNK evil '' ! ! 
 John's reply was like a declaration of war . 
 Monsieur Favre sat down in his UNK stall , lips compressed , eyes glinting . 
 UNK UNK , a short man with a UNK of stomach , rose . 
 Every eye was on him as he began to speak . 
 `` What Master Calvin says is true . 
 How can we have a good city unless we respect morality '' ? ? 
 Abel UNK , a tall man with UNK cheeks and UNK eyes , got to his feet . 
 `` We all know that Jake Camaret and the woman are UNK living together . 
 It would be well to show the populace how we deal with UNK '' . 
 UNK UNK , the son of the famous patriot , UNK . 
 `` Do not listen to that Frenchman . 
 He is UNK the liberty my father gave his life to win '' ! ! 
 John was quietly insistent . 
 `` There can be no compromise when souls are in jeopardy '' . 
 A week later the sentence of the Council was carried out : Jake Camaret and the woman were marched naked through the streets past a mocking populace . 
 Before them stalked the UNK , proclaiming as he went , `` Thus the Council deals with those who break its laws -- UNK , thieves , murderers , and UNK persons . 
 Let UNK contemplate their ways , and let every man UNK '' ! ! 
 John's thoughts raced painfully into the past as he read the letter he had just received from his sister Mary . 
 Charles had died two weeks before , in early November , without being UNK to the Church . 
 The canons , in a body , had tried to force him on his UNK to let them give him the last rites of the Church , but he had died still proclaiming salvation by faith . 
 UNK had taken place at night in the ground at the public crossroads under the UNK , so that his enemies could not find his body and have it dug up and burned . 
 The UNK of St. UNK , Claude De UNK , had been a good friend , but not even he thought Charles deserved burial in UNK ground . 
 John closed his eyes and saw once again the little UNK in his mother's bedroom , where she had knelt to tell the good Virgin of her needs . 
 The UNK Virgin was still there , but no one knelt before her now . 
 Not even UNK ; ; 
 she , too , prayed only to God . 
 For an instant John longed for the sound of the bells of UNK , the touch of his mother's hand , the UNK of UNK voice in the square UNK rooms , his father's bass tones UNK to the canons , and the sight of the beloved bishop . 
 But he had to follow the light . 
 Unless God expected a man to believe the Holy Scriptures , why had He given them to him ? ? 
 The UNK trees stood like UNK in the February night . 
 Snow buried the streets and covered the slanting UNK , as John trudged toward St. Peter's . 
 A carriage UNK by , its dim lights filtering through the gloom . 
 The sharp wind slapped at him and his feet felt like ice as the snow penetrated the holes of his shoes , his only ones , now patched with folded UNK . 
 The city had recently given him a small salary , but it was not enough to supply even necessities . 
 As he UNK the square , a round figure muffled in a long , black UNK UNK by . 
 John recognized UNK UNK and called out a greeting . 
 How grateful he was to such men ! ! 
 There were several on the Council who tried to live like Christians . 
 Despite their efforts , the problems seemed to grow UNK all the time . 
 UNK his steps , John entered the vast church and climbed the tower steps to the bells . 
 Underneath the big one , in the silent moonlight , lay a dead UNK , and on the smaller bell , the UNK , two gray and white birds slept huddled together in the cold winter air . 
 John leaned upon the stone UNK . 
 He brushed back his black hair , shoving it under his UNK cap to keep it from blowing in his eyes . 
 Below the UNK world rolled away to UNK white peaks ; ; 
 above him the deep blue sky UNK with stars . 
 He stood very still , his arms at his sides , staring up at the heavens , then down at the UNK lights below . 
 `` How long , my Lord ? ? 
 How long ? ? 
 I have never asked for an easy task , but I am weary of the strife '' . 
 UNK was difficult these days . 
 UNK plagued him . 
 UNK headaches were frequent . 
 UNK tore through him like a physical pain whenever he thought of Peter Robert , UNK , Nicholas UNK , Martin UNK , and even the compromising Louis Du UNK . 
 An occasional traveler from Italy brought news of Peter Robert , who was now distributing his Bible among the UNK peasants . 
 Letters came regularly from UNK , Nicholas , and Martin . 
 He had Anthony and William to UNK in and consult . 
 But William continued to find a bitter joy in UNK images and tearing down symbols sacred to the Old Church . 
 John found it difficult , but he held him in check . 
 And Anthony was busy most of the time UNK this girl and that . 
 His easy good looks made him a favorite with the ladies . 
 Geneva , instead of becoming the City of God , as John had dreamed , had in the two years since he had been there , continued to be a UNK place where all manner of vice flourished . 
 UNK poured in , signing the UNK and rules in order to remain , and then UNK them . 
 UNK rolled , UNK UNK their trade , thieves stole , murderers UNK , and the UNK UNK . 
 Catholics who were truly Christians longed for the simple penance of days gone by . 
 UNK recalled the UNK of the past and demanded : `` Are we going to allow the Protestant Pope , Master Calvin , to curtail our liberty ? ? 
 Why , oh why , doesn't he stick to preaching the Gospel , instead of meddling in civic affairs , politics , economics , and social issues that are no concern of the Church '' ? ? 
 And John's reply was always the same : `` Anything that affects souls is the concern of the Church ! ! 
 We will have righteousness '' ! ! 
 UNK burned behind his eyes as he prayed and UNK tonight . 
 Unless the confusion cleared , he would not be coming here much longer . 
 Monsieur UNK threat would become a reality , for he continued to proclaim loudly that the city must rid itself of `` that Frenchman '' . 
 The slow tapping of a cane on the stone steps coming up to the tower interrupted his UNK . 
 UNK at first , the tapping grew until it sounded loud against the wind . 
 UNK UNK ! ! 
 John thought . 
 What is he doing here at this hour ? ? 
 He started down the steps to meet the UNK preacher , who had been one of the early UNK in Paris . 
 `` John ? ? 
 Is that you ? ? 
 I came to warn you of a plot '' ! ! 
 John stood above him , his face UNK . 
 What now ? ? 
 Slowly , like a man grown old , he took UNK hand and led him below to the tower study , guiding him to a chair beside the little hearth where a fire still burned . 
 `` UNK '' ? ? 
 John asked UNK . 
 `` Monsieur Favre just paid me a visit . 
 I went to your rooms , and Anthony told me you were here . 
 Two UNK , UNK and UNK , are to challenge you and William to a debate before the Council . 
 It is to be a trap . 
 You know the law : if you lose the debate after accepting a challenge , you will be banished '' ! ! 
 `` What will be the subject '' ? ? 
 `` You are to be accused of UNK to confuse the religious who remain loyal '' . 
 UNK and fear UNK in John . 
 Ever since the fourth century a controversy had raged over the person of Christ . 
 Those who refused to believe that He was the eternal Son of God were termed UNK . 
 Peter UNK had come to Geneva , saying that he had been a bishop of the Church of Rome and had been UNK in Paris for his UNK faith . 
 He asked to be appointed a preacher . 
 But Michael UNK had UNK him , revealing he had never been a bishop , but was an UNK , afraid to state his faith , because he knew John Calvin had written a book against their belief that the soul slept after death . 
 So John had refused to agree to his appointment as a preacher , and now UNK sought revenge . 
 John sighed . 
 `` If William agrees , we should insist on a public debate '' , he said at length . 
 `` There is more to the conspiracy . 
 Bern demands that the Lord's Supper be administered here as it used to be , with UNK bread . 
 Furthermore , Bern decrees that we must do as we are ordered by the Council , preach only the word of God and stop meddling in politics '' ! ! 
 `` It was always the spirit with Christ ; ; 
 matters such as UNK or UNK bread are UNK . 
 Geneva must remain a sovereign state . 
 We will not yield to the demands of Bern '' ! ! 
 The UNK played over UNK flowing white locks and rugged features . 
 `` Monsieur Favre indicated that if I would co-operate , after you and William are banished , following the debate , I will be given a place of influence '' . 
 `` What was your reply to that '' ? ? 
 `` That I would rather be banished with two such Christians than be made the Chief UNK '' ! ! 
 The following morning , as John entered the Place UNK on his way to visit a sick refugee , he had a UNK of danger . 
 Then suddenly a group of men and dogs circled him . 
 He wanted to run , but he knew that if he did , he would be lost . 
 He stood very still , his heart thumping wildly . 
 On the UNK of the UNK the Camaret brothers and UNK Favre shook their fists . 
 `` Are you going to comply with the demands of Bern '' ? ? 
 The UNK Jake called . 
 `` UNK '' ! ! 
 A rowdy with a big UNK of a nose roared . 
 `` UNK '' ! ! 
 John lifted his hand for silence . 
 `` Know this : the ministers will not yield to the demands of Bern '' . 
 His voice shook a little . 
 Somebody heaved a stone . 
 For an instant John was stunned . 
 When he felt the side of his head , his fingers came away covered with blood . 
 Before he could duck , another stone struck him . 
 And another . 
 `` Let him be now '' ! ! 
 Pierre UNK , the UNK manufacturer said , his little pig eyes glaring . 
 `` We have taught him a lesson '' . 
 The crowd moved back and John started UNK down the hill . 
 UNK UNK him as he staggered forward . 
 Then he slipped and went down on his hands and knees in the melting snow . 
 At once a UNK of dogs was snapping and UNK around him . 
 One , more horrible than the rest , lunged , UNK deep in his throat , his hair UNK . 
 With great difficulty John clambered to his feet and started to run , sweat pouring down his face . 
 Standing in the shelter of the tent -- a rejected hospital tent on which the rain now dripped , no longer drumming -- Adam watched his own hands touch the objects on the UNK counter of boards laid across two beer barrels . 
 There was , of course , no real need to UNK everything . 
 A quarter inch this way or that for the UNK , or the UNK , or the barley sugar , or the UNK , or the UNK , or the condensed milk , or the UNK , or the needles -- what could it mean ? ? 
 Adam watched his own hands make the caressing , anxious movement that , when rain falls and nobody comes , and ruin draws close like a cat rubbing against the ankles , has been the ritual of stall UNK , forever . 
 He recognized the gesture . 
 He knew its meaning . 
 He had seen a dry , old , UNK hand reach out , with that painful UNK , to touch , to UNK , to shift UNK , some object worth a UNK . 
 Back in UNK he had seen that gesture , and at that sight his heart had always died within him . 
 On such occasions he had not had the courage to look at the face above the hand , whatever face it might be . 
 Now the face was his own . 
 He wondered what expression , as he made that gesture , was on his face . 
 He wondered if it wore the old anxiety , or the old , taut UNK . 
 But there was no need , he remembered , for his hand to reach out , for his face to show concern or UNK . 
 It was nothing to him if rain fell and nobody came . 
 Then why was he assuming the role -- the gesture and the suffering ? ? 
 What was he UNK ? ? 
 Or was he now taking the role -- the gesture and the suffering -- because it was the only way to affirm his history and identity in the UNK , UNK loneliness of this land . 
 This was Virginia . 
 He looked out of the tent at the company street . 
 The rain dripped on the freezing UNK of the street . 
 Beyond that misty gray of the rain , he saw the stretching UNK , low UNK log cabins , UNK with mud , with UNK a man would have to crouch to get through , with roofs of UNK laid over boughs or boards from UNK boxes , or fence rails , with UNK UNK of sticks and dried mud . 
 The chimney of the hut across from him was UNK by a beef barrel with ends knocked out . 
 In this heavy air , however , that device did not seem to help . 
 The smoke from that chimney rose as UNK as smoke from any other , and hung as sadly in the drizzle , creeping back down along the UNK canvas of the roof . 
 Over the door was a board with large , UNK lettering : home sweet home . 
 This was the hut of Simms Purdew , the hero . 
 The men were huddled in those UNK . 
 Adam knew the names of some . 
 He knew the faces of all , hairy or UNK , old or young , fat or thin , suffering or hardened , sad or gay , good or bad . 
 When they stood about his tent , UNK each other , UNK their UNK , cursing command or weather , he had studied their faces . 
 He had had the need to understand what life UNK behind the mask of flesh , behind the oath , the banter , the sadness . 
 Once UNK looking at Simms Purdew , the only man in the world whom he hated , he had seen the heavy , slack , UNK jaw open and close to UNK the cruel , UNK banter , and had seen the UNK eyes go UNK with whisky and UNK , and suddenly he was not seeing the face of that vile creature . 
 He was seeing , somehow , the face of a young boy , the boy Simms Purdew must once have been , a boy with UNK hair , and blue eyes dancing with gaiety , and the boy mouth grinning UNK among the UNK . 
 In that moment of vision Adam heard the voice within himself saying : I must not hate him , I must not hate him or I shall die . 
 His heart suddenly opened to joy . 
 He thought that if once , only once , he could talk with Simms Purdew , something about his own life , and all life , would be clear and simple . 
 If Simms Purdew would turn to him and say : `` Adam , you know when I was a boy , it was a funny thing happened . 
 UNK tell you now '' -- 
 If only Simms Purdew could do that , whatever the thing he remembered and told . 
 It would be a sign for the UNK , and he , Adam , would understand . 
 Now , Adam , in the gray light of afternoon , stared across at the hut opposite his tent , and thought of Simms Purdew lying in there in the gloom , snoring on his bunk , with the fumes of whisky choking the air . 
 He saw the sign above the door of the hut : home sweet home . 
 He saw the figure of a man in a UNK coming up the company street , with an UNK of wood . 
 It was Pullen James , the UNK of Simms Purdew . 
 He carried the wood , carried the water , did the cooking , cleaning and UNK , and occasionally got a kick in the butt for his pains . 
 Adam watched the moisture flow from the UNK . 
 It gave the UNK fabric a dull gleam , like metal . 
 Pullen James humbly lowered his head , pushed aside the UNK door of the hut , and was gone from sight . 
 Adam stared at the door and remembered that Simms Purdew had been awarded the Medal of Honor for UNK at UNK . 
 The street was again empty . 
 The drizzle was UNK off now , but the light was UNK . 
 With enormous interest , Adam watched his hands as they touched and shifted the objects on the board directly before him . 
 Into the UNK of the street , and his spirit , moved a form . 
 The form was UNK in an army blanket , much patched , fastened at the neck with a cord . 
 From under the shapeless UNK of blanket the feet moved in the mud . 
 The feet wore army shoes , in obvious UNK . 
 The head was wrapped in a UNK and on top of the UNK rode a great hamper across which a piece of UNK had been flung . 
 The gray face stared straight ahead in the drizzle . 
 UNK ran down the cheeks , gathered at the tip of the nose , and at the chin . 
 The figure was close enough now for him to see the nose UNK to UNK the drop clinging there . 
 The figure stopped and one hand was UNK freed from the hamper to scratch the nose . 
 Then the figure moved on . 
 This was one of the Irish women who had built their own huts down near the river . 
 They did washing . 
 Adam recognized this one . 
 He recognized her because she was the one who , in a winter UNK , on the edge of camp , had once stopped him and reached down her hand to touch his fly . 
 `` UNK o' UNK , UNK '' ? ? 
 She had UNK in her soft UNK . 
 `` UNK o' UNK '' ? ? 
 Her name was Mollie . 
 They called her Mollie the Mutton , and laughed . 
 Looking down the street after her , Adam saw that she had again stopped and again removed one hand from the basket . 
 He could not make out , but he knew that again she was scratching her nose . 
 Mollie the Mutton was scratching her nose . 
 The words ran crazily in his head : Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain . 
 Then the words fell into a pattern : `` Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose , UNK her nose in the rain . 
 Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain '' . 
 The pattern would not stop . 
 It came again and again . 
 He felt trapped in that pattern , in the repetition . 
 Suddenly he thought he might weep . 
 `` What's the matter with me '' ? ? 
 He demanded out loud . 
 He looked wildly around , at the now empty street , at the mud , at the rain . 
 `` Oh , what's the matter with me '' ? ? 
 He demanded . 
 When he had stored his stock in the great oak chest , locked the two big UNK and secured the additional chain , tied the fly of the tent , and picked up the cash box , he moved up the darkening street . 
 He would UNK the cash box into the hands of Jed UNK , then stand by while his employer checked the contents and the list of items sold . 
 Then he -- 
 Then what ? ? 
 He did not know . 
 His mind closed on that prospect , as though fog had descended to blot out a valley . 
 Far off , in the dusk , he heard voices singing , muffled but strong . 
 In one of the huts a group of men were huddled together , singing . 
 He stopped . 
 He strained to hear . 
 He heard the words : `` Rock of Ages , UNK for me , Let me hide myself in UNK ! ! 
 Let the water and the blood From Thy UNK side flow ! ! 
 '' 
 He thought : I am a Jew from UNK . 
 He was standing there , he thought , in Virginia , in the UNK dusk , in a costly greatcoat that had belonged to another Jew . 
 That other Jew , a young man too , had left that greatcoat behind , in a rich house , and marched away . 
 He had crossed the river which now , beyond the woods UNK , was sliding UNK under the mist . 
 He had plunged into the dark woods beyond . 
 He had died there . 
 What had that man , that other young Jew , felt as he stood in the UNK and heard other men , far away , singing together ? ? 
 Adam thought of the UNK , regiment after regiment , row after row , the thousands of huts , stretching away into the night . 
 He thought of the men , the UNK thousands , UNK in them . 
 He thought of Simms Purdew snoring on his bunk while Pullen James crouched by the hearth , UNK an UNK for UNK , and a wet log UNK . 
 He thought of Simms Purdew , who once had risen at the edge of a UNK , a UNK scream on his lips , and swung a UNK musket like a UNK to beat down the UNK of Rebel UNK about him . 
 He thought of Simms Purdew rising up , fearless in glory . 
 He felt the UNK of pity flood through him , UNK his very flesh . 
 Those men , lying in the huts , they did not know . 
 They did not know who they were or know their own worth . 
 In the pity for them his loneliness was gone . 
 Then he thought of Aaron UNK standing in his rich house saying : `` God is tired of taking the blame . 
 He is going to let History take the blame for a while '' . 
 He thought of the old man laughing under the glitter of the great UNK . 
 He thought : Only in my heart can I make the world hang together . 
 Adam rose from the crouch necessary to enter the hut . 
 He saw Mose squatting by the hearth , breaking up UNK into a pan . 
 A pot was boiling on the coals . 
 `` UNK give UNK UNK all his money '' ? ? 
 Mose asked softly . 
 Adam nodded . 
 `` Yeah '' , Mose murmured , `` yeah . 
 And look what he done give us '' . 
 Adam looked at the pot . 
 `` What is it '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 `` Chicken '' , Mose said , and UNK licked his lips . 
 `` UNK big fat chicken , yeah '' . 
 He licked his lips again . 
 Then : `` yeah . 
 A chicken with six UNK and a tail UNK a UNK . 
 And it UNK for UNK '' . 
 Mose UNK . 
 `` UNK you , huh ? ? 
 It is the same UNK same , tell me its name . 
 It is UNK with UNK on . 
 It is salt UNK . 
 It is salt UNK and UNK . 
 That UNK , it was so full of UNK it would jump and run and not come when you say , UNK . 
 Had to put my foot on it to hole it down while I cut it up UNK the UNK '' . 
 He dumped the pan of UNK UNK into the boiling pot of UNK . 
 `` Good UNK UNK '' , he mumbled , and stirred the pot . 
 He stopped stirring and looked over his shoulder . 
 `` Know what UNK UNK et tonight '' ? ? 
 He demanded . 
 `` Know what I had to fix UNK UNK Him '' ? ? 
 Adam shook his head . 
 `` Chicken '' , Mose said . 
 She was a child too much a part of her environment , too eager to grow and learn and experience . 
 Once , they were at UNK for the summer ( again , Fritzie said , a good place , even though they were being robbed ) . 
 One soft evening -- that marvelous UNK time when the sun's departing warmth UNK and a smell of UNK and UNK UNK everything -- Amy had picked herself off the floor and begun to walk . 
 Fritzie was on the couch reading ; ; 
 Laura was sitting in an easy chair about eight feet away . 
 The infant , in white UNK UNK , her face intense and UNK , had UNK a few UNK steps toward her father . 
 `` UNK UNK walk -- walk '' , he said . 
 Then , gently , he shoved her behind toward Laura . 
 Amy walked -- making it halfway across the cottage floor . 
 She lost not a second , picking herself up and continuing her pilgrimage to Laura . 
 Then Laura took her gently and shoved her off again , toward Fritzie : Amy did not laugh -- this was work , concentration , achievement . 
 In a few minutes she was making the UNK hike unaided ; ; 
 soon she was UNK around the house , UNK her new skill . 
 Some UNK logic , a UNK of optimism as fragile as the scent of tropical blossoms that came through the window ( a UNK perhaps engendered by the pill Fritzie had given her ) , UNK her for a moment . 
 Amy had to be safe , had to come back to them -- if only to UNK that share of life's experiences that were her due , if only to give her parents another chance to do better by her . 
 Through the UNK of terror , she UNK UNK sharp point -- Amy would be UNK , a new child , with new parents , living under new circumstances . 
 The comfort was UNK , yet she found herself returning to the assurance whenever her imagination forced images on her too awful to contemplate without the prop of illusion . 
 UNK at her husband's drugged body , his chest rising and falling in UNK rhythms , she saw the grandeur of his fictional world , that lush garden from which he plucked flowers and UNK . 
 She envied him . 
 She admired him . 
 In the darkness , she saw him stirring . 
 He seemed to be muttering , his voice surprisingly clear . 
 `` UNK should have let me take that money out '' , Andrus said . 
 `` UNK minute I'd have been fine . 
 UNK should have let me do it '' . 
 Laura touched his hand . 
 `` Yes , I know , Fritzie . 
 I should have '' . 
 Tuesday 
 The heat intensified on Tuesday . 
 Southern California gasped and blinked under an autumn hot spell , UNK , more UNK , more laden with man's UNK impurities than the worst days of the summer past . 
 It could continue this way , hitting UNK and more in the Valley , Joe McFeeley knew , into October . 
 He and UNK Moll were sipping coffee at the breakfast bar . 
 Both had been up since UNK -- UNK on the UNK watch , McFeeley unable to sleep during his UNK relief . 
 The night before , they had telephoned the Andrus maid , Selena Masters , and she had arrived early , bursting her vigorous presence into the silent house with an assurance that amused McFeeley and UNK Moll . 
 The latter , UNK her for the coffee , had winked and muttered , `` Sure UNK , honey '' . 
 Selena was the wrong woman for these UNK . 
 With a hard eye , she informed Moll : `` Don't sure UNK me , officer . 
 I'm honey only to my husband , understand '' ? ? 
 Sergeant Moll understood . 
 The maid was very black and very energetic , trim in a yellow UNK uniform . 
 Her speech was barren of UNK ; ; 
 she was one of Eliot UNK neutralized minorities , adopting the rolling R's and UNK UNK of Los Angeles . 
 Not seeing her dark intelligent face , one would have UNK the voice as that of a UNK Village UNK , ten years out of Iowa . 
 After she had served the detectives coffee and toast ( they politely declined eggs , uncomfortable about their UNK ) , she settled down with a morning newspaper and began reading the stock market quotations . 
 While she was thus engaged , McFeeley questioned her about her whereabouts the previous day , any UNK she had of people hanging around , of UNK delivery boys or UNK , of strange cars cruising the neighborhood . 
 She answered him precisely , missing not a beat in her scrutiny of the financial reports . 
 Selena Masters , Joe realized , was her own woman . 
 She was the only kind of Negro Laura Andrus would want around : independent , UNK , probably charging double what ordinary maids did for UNK -- and doubly efficient . 
 When the parents emerged from the bedroom a few minutes later , the maid greeted them quietly . 
 `` I'm awful sorry about what's happened '' , Selena said . 
 `` Maybe UNK be a UNK day '' . 
 She charged off to the bedrooms . 
 Moll took his coffee into the nursery . 
 During the night , a phone company technician had UNK the bells and installed red UNK on the phones . 
 Someone would have to remain in the office continually . 
 McFeeley greeted the parents , then studied his UNK . 
 He wanted to take the mother to headquarters at once and start her on the UNK file . 
 `` UNK well '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 Andrus did not answer him . 
 His face was UNK with UNK , UNK than normal . 
 The woman had the UNK look of an invalid , as if she had not slept at all . 
 `` Oh -- we managed '' , she said . 
 `` I'm a little UNK . 
 Did anything happen during the night '' ? ? 
 `` Few UNK calls '' , McFeeley said . 
 `` A couple of tips we're running down -- nothing promising . 
 We can expect more of the same . 
 Too bad your number is in the directory '' . 
 `` Didn't occur to me my child would be UNK when I had it listed '' , Andrus muttered . 
 He settled on the sofa with his coffee , warming his hands on the cup , although the room was heavy with heat . 
 The three had little to say to each other . 
 The previous night's horror -- the absolute failure , overcast with the UNK of the press , had left them all with a UNK sense of UNK , of UNK . 
 UNK their coffee , discussing the weather , the day's shopping , UNK commitments at the network ( all of which he would cancel ) , they avoided the radio , the morning TV news show , even the front page of the Santa UNK Register , resting on the kitchen bar . 
 UNK UNK UNK ; ; 
 Amy still missing . 
 Once , Andrus walked by it , hastily scanned the bold black headline and the UNK lead of the article ( by UNK UNK , staff correspondent -- age not given ) , and muttered : `` We a UNK national UNK '' . 
 McFeeley told the parents he would escort them to police headquarters in a half hour . 
 Before that , he wanted to talk to the neighbors . 
 He did not want to bring the UNK to the station house too early -- UNK had summoned a press conference , and he didn't want them subjected to the reporters again . 
 He could think of nothing else to tell them : no UNK , no hopeful hints at great discoveries that day . 
 When the detective left , Andrus phoned his secretary to cancel his work and to advise the network to get a substitute director for his current project . 
 Mrs. Andrus was talking to the maid , arranging for her to come in every day , instead of the four days she now worked . 
 Outside , only a handful of reporters remained . 
 The bulk of the press corps was covering UNK conference . 
 In contrast to the UNK of the previous night , there were only four cars parked across the street . 
 Two men he did not recognize were sipping coffee and UNK sweet rolls . 
 He did not see UNK , or UNK , or UNK , or any of the feverish crew that had so harassed him twelve hours ago . 
 However , the UNK remained , augmented by several dozen UNK UNK . 
 The street cleaner had not yet been around . 
 One of the reporters called to him : `` Anything new , Lieutenant '' ? ? 
 And he ignored him , UNK the parked cars and walking up the path to the Skopas house . 
 When McFeeley was halfway to the door , the proprietor emerged -- a mountainous , dark man , his head thick with UNK black hair , his eyes like two of the black UNK he imported in UNK . 
 McFeeley identified himself . 
 The master of the house , his nourished face UNK , consented to postpone his departure a few minutes to talk to the detective . 
 Inside , as soon as Mr. Skopas had disclosed -- in a hoarse whisper -- the UNK errand , his family gathered in a UNK , forming a mass of dark flesh on and around a UNK sofa which stood at one side of a baroque fireplace . 
 UNK by marble UNK and UNK lamps , they seemed to be UNK for a tribal portrait . 
 It was amazing how they had UNK together for protection : an enormous UNK in a UNK silk UNK , rising from the breakfast table ; ; 
 a gross boy in his teens , UNK in from the kitchen with a sandwich in his hands ; ; 
 a girl in her twenties , fat and sullen , descending the marble staircase ; ; 
 then all four gathering on the sofa to face the UNK . 
 They answered him in UNK , UNK , occasionally muttering in Greek to one another , awaiting the word from Papa , who UNK cracked his knuckles , anxious to stuff himself into his white Cadillac and burst off to the freeway . 
 No , they hadn't seen anyone around ; ; 
 no , they didn't know the Andrus family ; ; 
 yes , they had read about the case ; ; 
 yes , they had let some reporters use their phone , but they would no longer . 
 They offered no opinions , volunteered nothing , betrayed no emotions . 
 UNK them , McFeeley could not help make comparison with the Andrus couple . 
 The Skopas people seemed to him of that breed of human beings whose UNK UNK them from tragedy . 
 He imagined they were the kind whose tax returns were never examined ( if they were , they were never UNK ) , whose children had no unhappy UNK , whose names never knew scandal . 
 The equation was simple : wealth brought them happiness , and their united front to the world was their warning that they meant to keep everything they had , let no one in on the secrets . 
 By comparison , Fritzie and Laura Andrus were quivering UNK . 
 They possessed no outer UNK , no hard shells of confidence ; ; 
 they had enough difficulty getting from day to day , let alone having an awful crime thrust upon them . 
 Skopas expressed no curiosity over the case , offered no expression of sympathy , made no move to escort UNK to the door . 
 All four remained UNK on the sofa until he had left . 
 He had spoken to Mrs. . 
 Emerson the previous day . 
 There remained a family named Kahler , owners of a two-story UNK house on the south side of the Andrus home . 
 Their names had not come up in any discussions with Laura , and he had no idea what they would be like . 
 McFeeley noted the immaculate lawn and gardens : each blade of grass cropped , bright and firm ; ; 
 each UNK glazed with good health . 
 The door was answered by a slender man in his sixties -- UNK , somewhat clerical in manner , wearing UNK glasses . 
 When Joe identified himself , he nodded , UNK , and UNK him into a UNK living room . 
 Mrs. Kahler joined them . 
 She had a UNK quality -- a gray , lean woman , not UNK . 
 Both were dressed rather formally . 
 The man wore a vest and a tie , the woman had on a dark green dress and three UNK of UNK . 
 `` UNK thing '' , Mr. Kahler said , when they were seated , `` when I heard you ringing , I figured it was that guy down the block , UNK '' . 
 McFeeley looked puzzled . 
 Kahler continued : `` I fixed his dog the other day and I guess he's sore , so I expected him to come UNK in '' . 
 Mr. Kahler went on to explain how UNK fox terrier had been `` making '' in his flower beds . 
 The dog refused to be scared off , so Kahler had purchased some small UNK . 
 He would lay in wait in the garage , and when the terrier came scratching around , he'd let fly with a UNK bomb . 
 `` UNK the hell out of him '' , Kahler grinned . 
 `` I hit him in the ass once '' . 
 Both grinned at the detective . 
 `` Finally , all I needed was to throw a little piece of red wood that looked like a UNK and that dumb dog would run UNK for his life '' . 
 In the dim underwater light they dressed and straightened up the room , and then they went across the hall to the kitchen . 
 She was UNK by the stove . 
 He found the pilot light and turned on one of the UNK for her . 
 The gas UNK up two inches high . 
 They found the UNK . 
 And put water on to boil and then searched through the UNK . 
 Several sections of a loaf of dark bread ; ; 
 butter ; ; 
 jam ; ; 
 a tiny cake of ice . 
 In their search for what turned out to be the right breakfast china but the wrong table silver , they opened every UNK door in the kitchen and UNK . 
 While she was settling the UNK , he went back across the hall to their bedroom , opened one of the suitcases , and took out powdered coffee and sugar . 
 She appeared with the UNK and he opened the windows . 
 `` Do you want to call Eugene '' ? ? 
 He didn't , but it was not really a question , and so he left the room , walked down the hall to the front of the apartment , hesitated , and then knocked lightly on the closed door of the study . 
 A sleepy voice answered . 
 `` Le UNK UNK '' , Harold said , in an accent that did credit to Miss Sloan , his high-school French teacher . 
 At the same time , his voice betrayed uncertainty about their being here , and conveyed an appeal to whatever is reasonable , UNK , and dependable in everybody . 
 Since ordinary UNK conversation was impossible , it was at least something that they were able to offer Eugene the sugar bowl with their sugar in it , and the plate of bread and butter , and that Eugene could return the pitcher of hot milk to them handle first . 
 Eugene put a UNK of powdered coffee into his cup and then filled it with hot water . 
 UNK , he said : `` I am sorry that my work prevents me from doing anything with you today '' . 
 They assured him that they did not expect or need to be entertained . 
 Harold put a UNK of powdered coffee in his cup and filled it with hot water , and then , stirring , he sat back in his chair . 
 The chair creaked . 
 Every time he moved or said something , the chair creaked again . 
 Eugene was not entirely silent , or openly rude -- unless asking Harold to move to another chair and placing himself in the UNK that creaked so UNK was an act of UNK . 
 It went right on creaking under his own considerable weight , and all it needed , Harold thought , was for somebody to UNK himself back in a fit of laughter and that would be the end of it . 
 Through the open window they heard sounds below in the street : UNK , a tired horse's plodding step , voices . 
 Harold indicated the photograph on the wall and asked what church the stone sculpture was in . 
 Eugene told him and he promptly forgot . 
 They passed the UNK , the bread , the UNK butter , back and forth . 
 Nothing was said about hotels or train UNK . 
 Eugene offered Harold his car , to use at any time he cared to , and when this offer was not accepted , the armchair creaked . 
 They all three had another cup of coffee . 
 Eugene was in his UNK and dressing gown , and on his large feet he wore yellow Turkish slippers that turned up at the toes . 
 `` Excuse me '' , he said in UNK English , and got up and left them , to bathe and dress . 
 The first shrill ring of the telephone brought Harold out into the hall . 
 He realized that he had no idea where the telephone was . 
 At that moment the bathroom door flew open and Eugene came out , with his face UNK for shaving , and strode down the hall , tying the UNK of his dressing gown as he went . 
 The telephone was in the study but the ringing came from the hall . 
 Between the telephone and the wall plug there was sixty feet of cord , and when the conversation came to an end , Eugene carried the instrument with him the whole length of the apartment , to his bathroom , where it rang three more times while he was shaving and in the tub . 
 Before he left the apartment he knocked on their door and asked if there was anything he could do for them . 
 Harold shook his head . 
 `` UNK called a few minutes ago '' , Eugene said . 
 `` She wants you and Barbara to have dinner with her tomorrow night '' . 
 He handed Harold a key to the front door , and cautioned him against leaving it unlocked while they were out of the apartment . 
 When enough time had elapsed so that there was little likelihood of his returning for something he had forgotten , Harold went out into the hall and stood looking into one room after another . 
 In the room next to theirs was a huge cradle , of mahogany , UNK carved and decorated with gold leaf . 
 It was the most UNK cradle he had ever seen . 
 Then came their bathroom , and then a bedroom that , judging by the photographs on the walls , must belong to UNK UNK . 
 A young woman who looked like UNK , with her two children . 
 UNK and Eugene on their wedding day . 
 UNK photographs in oval frames of UNK UNK and an elderly man who must be UNK grandfather . 
 UNK UNK , considerably younger and very different . 
 The UNK . 
 And a UNK man whose glance -- direct , UNK , and mildly accusing -- was UNK by the UNK and black frame . 
 It was the kind of frame that is only put around the photograph of a dead person . 
 Professor UNK , could it be ? ? 
 With the metal shutters closed , the dining room was so dark that it seemed still night in there . 
 One of the UNK shutters was partly open and he made out the shapes of chairs and UNK , which seemed to be UNK in brown or UNK velvet . 
 The curtains were of the same material , and there were some big oil paintings -- portraits in the style of UNK and UNK . 
 Though , taken individually , the big rooms were , or seemed to be , square , the apartment as a whole formed a triangle . 
 The apex , the study where Eugene slept , was light and bright and airy and cheerful . 
 The window looked out on the Place UNK -- it was the only window of the apartment that did . 
 Looking around slowly , he saw a marble fireplace , a desk , a low UNK of mahogany with UNK brass wire instead of glass UNK in the doors . 
 The UNK Eugene had slept in , made up now with its UNK UNK cover and UNK . 
 The portable record player with a pile of classical records beside it . 
 UNK Fifth was the one on top . 
 UNK Music could not be UNK passion . 
 Besides , the records were dusty . 
 He tried the doors of the UNK . 
 UNK . 
 The titles he could read easily through the UNK wires : works on theology , UNK physics , history , biology , political science . 
 No poetry . 
 No novels . 
 He moved over to the desk and stood looking at the papers on it but not touching anything . 
 The clock on the UNK piece was UNK and UNK so loudly that he glanced at it over his shoulder and then quickly left the room . 
 The UNK called out to them as they were passing through the UNK . 
 Her quarters were on the right as you walked into the building , and her small front room was UNK with heavy furniture -- a big , round , oak dining table and chairs , a buffet , with a row of UNK letters inserted between the mirror and its frame . 
 The suitcases had come while they were out , and had been put in their room , the UNK said . 
 He waited until they were inside the elevator and then said : `` Now what do we do '' ? ? 
 `` Call the UNK , I guess '' . 
 `` I guess '' . 
 Rather than sit around waiting for the suitcases to be delivered , they had gone UNK . 
 They went to the UNK Market , expecting to find the treasures of Europe , and found instead a duplication of that long double row of UNK in UNK . 
 UNK clothing and junk of every sort , as far as the eye could see . 
 They looked , even so . 
 UNK at everything . 
 Barbara bought some cotton UNK , and Harold bought UNK . 
 They had lunch at a sidewalk cafe UNK the intersection of two broad , busy , UNK streets , and coming home they got lost in the UNK ; ; 
 it took them over an hour to get back to the station where they should have changed , in order to take the line that went to the Place UNK . 
 It was the end of the afternoon when he took the huge key out of his pocket and inserted it into the UNK . 
 When he opened the door , there stood Eugene , on his way out of the apartment . 
 He was wearing UNK and shorts and an UNK shirt , and in his hand he carried a little black bag . 
 He did not explain where he was going , and they did not ask . 
 Instead , they went on down the hall to their room . 
 `` Do you think he could be having an affair '' ? ? 
 Barbara asked , as they heard the front door close . 
 `` Oh no '' , Harold said , shocked . 
 `` Well , this is France , after all '' . 
 `` I know , but there must be some other explanation . 
 He's probably spending the evening with friends '' . 
 `` And for that he needs a little bag '' ? ? 
 They went shopping in the neighborhood , and bought two UNK of bread with the ration UNK they had been given in UNK , and some cheese , and a dozen eggs , and a bag of UNK from a peddler in the Place UNK -- the first UNK they had seen since they landed . 
 They had UNK , sitting in front of a cafe . 
 When they got home Harold was grateful for the stillness in the apartment , and thought how , under different circumstances , they might have stayed on here , in these old-fashioned , UNK rooms that reminded him of the UNK apartment in the East UNK . 
 They could have been perfectly happy here for ten whole days . 
 He went down the hall to UNK bathroom , to turn on the UNK heater , and on the side of the tub he saw a pair of blue wool swimming trunks . 
 He felt them . 
 They were damp . 
 He reached out and felt the bath towel hanging on the towel rack over the tub . 
 UNK also . 
 He looked around the room and then called out : `` Come here , quick '' ? ? 
 `` What is it '' ? ? 
 Barbara asked , standing in the doorway . 
 `` I've solved the mystery of the little bag . 
 There it is and there is what was in it . 
 But where do people go swimming in Paris ? ? 
 That boat in the river , maybe '' . 
 `` What boat '' ? ? 
 `` There's a big boat anchored near the Place De La UNK , with a swimming pool in it -- didn't you notice it ? ? 
 But if he has time to go swimming , he had time to be with us '' . 
 She looked at him in surprise . 
 `` I know '' , he said , reading her mind . 
 `` I don't know what I'm going to do with you '' . 
 `` It's because we are in France '' , he said , `` and know so few people . 
 So something like this matters more than it would at home . 
 Also , he was so nice when he was nice '' . 
 `` All because I didn't feel like dancing '' . 
 `` I don't think it was that , really '' . 
 `` Then what was it '' ? ? 
 `` I don't know . 
 I wish I did . 
 The tweed coat , maybe . 
 The thing about Eugene is that he's very proud '' . 
 And the thing about hurt feelings , the wet bathing suit pointed out , is that the person who has them is not quite the innocent party he believes himself to be . 
 For instance -- what about all those people Harold Rhodes went toward UNK , as if this were the one moment they would ever have together , their one chance of knowing each other ? ? 
 Fortunately , the embarrassing questions raised by objects do not need to be answered , or we would all have to go sleep in the open fields . 
 And in any case , answers may clarify but they do not change anything . 
 He brought with him a mixture of UNK and UNK , of about a hundred UNK weight . 
 They took UNK body , then , and wrapped it in UNK with the UNK ; ; 
 that is how the Jews prepare a body for burial . 
 UNK as present at the UNK were Mary , Mary's sister , Mary UNK , John , Joseph of UNK , UNK . 
 UNK as he might , he could find no place where the Bible spoke of a moment when Mary could have been alone with Jesus . 
 Mostly the scene was crowded with UNK , such as the dramatic UNK UNK in UNK , where the UNK spectators had UNK Mary's last poignant moment . 
 In his concept there could be no one else present . 
 His first desire was to create a mother and son alone in the universe . 
 When might Mary have had that moment to hold her child on her lap ? ? 
 Perhaps after the soldiers had laid him on the ground , while Joseph of UNK was at UNK UNK asking for Christ's body , UNK was gathering his mixture of UNK and UNK , and the others had gone home to UNK . 
 Those who saw his finished UNK would take the place of the UNK witnesses . 
 They would feel what Mary was undergoing . 
 There would be no UNK , no angels . 
 These would be two human beings , whom God had chosen . 
 He felt close to Mary , having spent so long concentrating on the beginning of her journey . 
 Now she was intensely alive , UNK ; ; 
 her son was dead . 
 Even though he would later be UNK , he was at this moment dead indeed , the expression on his face reflecting what he had gone through on the cross . 
 In his sculpture therefore it would not be possible for him to project anything of what Jesus felt for his mother ; ; 
 only what Mary felt for her son . 
 UNK inert body would be passive , his eyes closed . 
 Mary would have to carry the human communication . 
 This seemed right to him . 
 It was a relief to shift in his mind to technical problems . 
 Since his Christ was to be life size , how was Mary to hold him on her lap without the relationship seeming UNK ? ? 
 His Mary would be slender of limb and delicate of proportion , yet she must hold this UNK man as securely and UNK as she would a child . 
 There was only one way to accomplish this : by design , by drawing diagrams and sketches in which he UNK the UNK corner of his mind for creative ideas to carry his concept . 
 He started by making free sketches to UNK up his thinking so that images would appear on paper . 
 UNK , these approximated what he was feeling within himself . 
 At the same time he started walking the streets , peering at the people passing or shopping at the UNK , storing up fresh impressions of what they looked like , how they moved . 
 In particular he sought the gentle , UNK nuns , with head UNK and UNK coming to the middle of their UNK , remembering their expressions until he reached home and set them down on paper . 
 UNK that draperies could be designed to serve structural purposes , he began a study of the anatomy of UNK . 
 He UNK as he went along , completing a UNK clay figure , then bought yards of an inexpensive material from a UNK , wet the lightweight cloth in a basin and covered it over with clay that Argiento brought from the bank of the UNK , to the consistency of thick mud . 
 No fold could be accidental , each turn of the UNK had to serve UNK , to cover the UNK slender legs and feet so that they would give UNK support to Christ's body , to intensify her inner turmoil . 
 When the cloth dried and stiffened , he saw what adjustments had to be made . 
 `` So that's sculpture '' , commented Argiento UNK , when he had UNK down the floor for a week , `` making mud pies '' . 
 Michelangelo grinned . 
 `` See , Argiento , if you control the way these UNK are bunched , like this , or made to flow , you can enrich the body attitudes . 
 They can have as much UNK appeal as flesh and bone '' . 
 He went into the Jewish quarter , wanting to draw UNK faces so that he could reach a visual understanding of how Christ might have looked . 
 The Jewish section was in UNK , near the UNK at the church of San UNK a UNK . 
 The colony had been small until the Spanish UNK of UNK drove many Jews into Rome . 
 Here , for the most part , they were well treated , as a `` reminder of the Old Testament heritage of Christianity '' ; ; 
 many of their gifted members were prominent in the Vatican as physicians , musicians , bankers . 
 The men did not object to his sketching them while they went about their work , but no one could be persuaded to come to his studio to pose . 
 He was told to ask for Rabbi Melzi at the UNK on Saturday afternoon . 
 Michelangelo found the rabbi in the room of study , a gentle old man with a white beard and luminous grey eyes , UNK in black UNK with a UNK on his head . 
 He was reading from the Talmud with a group of men from his congregation . 
 When Michelangelo explained why he had come , Rabbi Melzi replied gravely : 
 `` The Bible forbids us to bow down to or to make UNK images . 
 That is why our creative people give their time to literature , not to painting or sculpture '' . 
 `` But , Rabbi Melzi , you don't object to others creating works of art '' ? ? 
 `` Not at all . 
 Each religion has its own UNK '' . 
 `` I am carving a UNK from white UNK marble . 
 I wish to make Jesus an authentic Jew . 
 I cannot accomplish this if you will not help me '' . 
 The rabbi said thoughtfully , `` I would not want my people to get in trouble with the Church '' . 
 `` I am working for the Cardinal of San UNK . 
 I'm sure he would approve '' . 
 `` What kind of models would you prefer '' ? ? 
 `` UNK . 
 In their UNK . 
 Not bulky laborers , but UNK men . 
 With intelligence . 
 And sensitivity '' . 
 Rabbi Melzi smiled at him with UNK old but merry eyes . 
 `` Leave me your address . 
 I will send you the best the quarter has to offer '' . 
 Michelangelo hurried to UNK solitary bachelor room with his sketches , asked the architect to design a stand which would simulate the seated UNK . 
 UNK studied the drawings and UNK a UNK couch . 
 Michelangelo bought some scrap lumber . 
 Together he and Argiento built the stand , covering it with blankets . 
 His first model arrived at dusk . 
 He hesitated for a moment when Michelangelo asked him to UNK , so Michelangelo gave him a piece of UNK to wrap around his UNK , led him to the kitchen to take off his clothes . 
 He then draped him over the rough stand , explained that he was supposed to be recently dead , and was being held on his mother's lap . 
 The model quite plainly thought Michelangelo crazy ; ; 
 only the instructions from his rabbi kept him from UNK . 
 But at the end of the sitting , when Michelangelo showed him the quick , free drawings , with the mother UNK in , holding her son , the model grasped what Michelangelo was after , and promised to speak to his friends . 
 He worked for two hours a day with each model sent by the rabbi . 
 Mary presented quite a different problem . 
 Though this sculpture must take place UNK years after her moment of decision , he could not conceive of her as a woman in her UNK , old , wrinkled , broken in body and face by labor or worry . 
 His image of the Virgin had always been that of a young woman , even as had his memory of his mother . 
 UNK UNK introduced him into several Roman homes . 
 Here he sketched , sitting in their flowing UNK of linen and silk , young girls not yet twenty , some about to be married , some married a year or two . 
 Since the UNK UNK hospital had taken only men , he had had no experience in the study of female anatomy ; ; 
 but he had sketched the women of UNK in their fields and homes . 
 He was able to discern the body lines of the Roman women under their robes . 
 He spent concentrated weeks putting his two figures together : a Mary who would be young and sensitive , yet strong enough to hold her son on her lap ; ; 
 and a Jesus who , though lean , was strong even in death a look he remembered well from his experience in the dead room of UNK UNK . 
 He drew toward the composite design from his meticulously accurate memory , without need to consult his sketches . 
 Soon he was ready to go into a three-dimensional figure in clay . 
 Here he would have free expression because the material could be moved to distort forms . 
 When he wanted to emphasize , or get greater intensity , he added or subtracted clay . 
 Next he turned to wax because there was a similarity of wax to marble in UNK quality and UNK . 
 He respected each of these approach techniques , and kept them in character : his quill drawings had a UNK , suggesting skin texture ; ; 
 the clay he used UNK to suggest soft moving flesh , as in an abdomen , in a UNK torso ; ; 
 the wax he smoothed over to give the body surface an elastic pull . 
 Yet he never allowed these models to become fixed in his mind ; ; 
 they remained rough starting points . 
 When carving he was charged with spontaneous energy ; ; 
 too careful or detailed studies in clay and wax would have glued him down to a mere UNK of his model . 
 The true surge had to be inside the marble itself . 
 UNK and models were his thinking . 
 UNK was action . 
 10 . 
 The arrangement with Argiento was working well , except that sometimes Michelangelo could not figure who was master and who apprentice . 
 Argiento had been trained so rigorously by the UNK that Michelangelo was unable to change his habits : up before dawn to scrub the floors , whether they were dirty or not ; ; 
 water boiling on the fire for washing laundry every day , the pots UNK with river sand after each meal . 
 `` Argiento , this is senseless '' , he complained , not liking to work on the wet floors , particularly in cold weather . 
 `` You're too clean . 
 UNK the studio once a week . 
 That's enough '' . 
 `` No '' , said Argiento UNK . 
 `` Every day . 
 Before dawn . 
 I was taught '' . 
 `` And God help anyone who tries to UNK you '' ! ! 
 UNK Michelangelo ; ; 
 yet he knew that he had nothing to grumble about , for Argiento made few demands on him . 
 The boy was becoming acquainted with the UNK families that brought produce into Rome . 
 On Sundays he would walk miles into the UNK to visit with them , and in particular to see their horses . 
 The one thing he missed from his farm in the UNK Valley was the animals ; ; 
 frequently he would take his leave of Michelangelo by announcing : 
 `` Today I go see the horses '' . 
 It took a piece of bad luck to show Michelangelo that the boy was devoted to him . 
 He was crouched over his UNK in the courtyard getting his UNK into trim , when a splinter of steel flew into his eye and imbedded itself in his pupil . 
 He stumbled into the house , eyes burning like fire . 
 Argiento made him lie down on the bed , brought a pan of hot water , UNK some clean white linen cloth and applied it to extract the splinter . 
 Though the pain was considerable Michelangelo was not too concerned . 
 He assumed he could blink the splinter out . 
 But it would not come . 
 Argiento never left his side , keeping the water boiled , applying hot UNK throughout the night . 
 By the second day Michelangelo began to worry ; ; 
 and by the second night he was in a state of panic : he could see nothing out of the afflicted eye . 
 At dawn Argiento went to UNK UNK . 
 UNK arrived with his family surgeon , Maestro UNK . 
 The surgeon carried a cage of live UNK . 
 He told Argiento to take a bird out of the cage , cut a large vein under its wing , let the blood UNK into UNK injured eye . 
 The surgeon came back at dusk , cut the vein of a second UNK , again washed out the eye . 
 Beth was very still and her breath came in small UNK gasps . 
 The thin legs twitched UNK once , then Kate felt the little body stiffening in her arms and heard one strangled sound . 
 The scant flesh grew cool beneath her frantic hands . 
 The child was gone . 
 When Juanita awoke , Kate was still rocking the dead child , still UNK in disbelief , `` No , no , oh , no ! ! 
 '' 
 They put Kate to bed and wired Jonathan and sent for the young Presbyterian minister . 
 He sat beside Kate's bed with the others throughout the morning , talking , talking of God's will , while Kate lay staring angrily at him . 
 When he told her God had called the child to Him , she rejected his words UNK . 
 Few of the neighbors came , but Mrs. Tussle came , called by tragedy . 
 `` It always comes in UNK '' , she sighed heavily . 
 `` UNK never comes but in UNK '' . 
 They held the funeral the next morning from the crossroads church and buried the little box in the quiet family plot . 
 Kate moved through all the preparations and services in a state of UNK . 
 She would not accept the death of such a little child . 
 `` God called her to Him '' , the minister had said . 
 God would not do that , Kate thought UNK . 
 Jonathan's letter came , as she knew it would , and he had accepted their child's death as another judgment from God against both Kate and himself . 
 In blind panic of grief she accepted Jonathan's dictum , and believed in her desperation that she had been cursed by God . 
 She held Jonathan's letter , his words burning like a brand , and knew suddenly that the bonds between them were severed . 
 She had nothing left but her duty to his land and his son . 
 Joel came and sat UNK with her , sharing her pain and anguish , UNK his eyes from the ice UNK on her bosom . 
 Juanita and Mrs. Tussle kept Kate in bed a week until her milk dried . 
 When she returned to life in the big house she felt UNK of all emotion save dedication to duty . 
 She disciplined herself daily to do what must be done . 
 She had even UNK herself to keep Juanita upstairs in the UNK room off the empty nursery , although the girl tried to insist on moving back to the quarters to spare Kate UNK of the baby's death . 
 Juanita UNK about the place , wearing a haunted , brooding look , which Kate attributed to the baby's death , until the day a letter came for her addressed to `` Miss Juanita UNK '' , bearing a Grafton UNK . 
 Seeing the slanting hand , Kate knew uneasily that it was from the Yankee colonel . 
 The Federal forces had taken Parkersburg and Grafton from the Rebels and were moving to take all the mountains . 
 Kate tried to contain her curiosity and foreboding at what the letter UNK , at what involvement existed for Juanita . 
 Uncle Randolph and Joel had UNK the bottom lands with difficulty , for more of the slaves , including UNK , had sneaked off when the soldiers broke camp . 
 Joel worked like a field hand in the afternoons after school . 
 He had been at lessons in the schoolhouse since they returned from UNK Ferry . 
 Kate felt she had deserted the boy in her own loss . 
 She loved him and missed his company . 
 Uncle Randolph had been riding out every evening on some secret business of his own . 
 What it was Kate could not UNK . 
 He claimed to be visiting the waterfront saloon at the crossroads to play cards and drink with his UNK , but Kate had not smelled brandy on him since Mrs. UNK funeral . 
 Joel knew what he was about , however . 
 `` You're gonna get caught '' , she heard Joel say to Uncle Randolph by the pump one morning . 
 `` Not this old fox '' , chuckled Uncle Randolph . 
 `` Everybody knows I'm just a harmless , deaf old man who takes to drink . 
 I aim to keep a little whisky still back in the ridge for my pleasure '' . 
 `` UNK still , my foot '' , said Joel . 
 `` You're back there riding with the guerrillas , the UNK UNK '' . 
 `` UNK '' , said Uncle Randolph , smiling , `` or I'll give you another black eye '' . 
 He patted the eye Joel had had blackened in a fight over being Rebel at the crossroads some days back . 
 Kate had no idea what they were talking of , although she had seen the blue lights and strange fires burning and winking on the ridges at night , had heard UNK on the River Road and hill trails through the nights till dawn . 
 UNK , Uncle Randolph began riding home nights with a jug UNK to his saddle , drunkenly singing `` Old Dan Tucker '' at the top of his voice . 
 UNK his voice ring UNK up from the road , Kate would await him anxiously and watch UNK as he walked into the house , cold sober . 
 What he was about became clear to her with the circulation of another UNK proclamation by General McClellan , threatening UNK against Rebel guerrillas . 
 She was taken up in worry for the reckless old man . 
 Kate drew more and more on her affection for Joel through the hot days of summer work . 
 She had taken him out of the schoolhouse and closed the school for the summer , after she saw Miss Snow crack Joel across the face with a UNK for letting a snake loose in the UNK . 
 Kate had walked past the school on her morning chores and had seen the whole incident , had seen UNK burning humiliation before Miss UNK cold , UNK wrath . 
 He had the hardest pains of growing before him now , as he approached twelve . 
 These would be his hardest years , she knew , and he missed his father desperately . 
 She tried to find some way to draw him out , to help him . 
 Whenever she found time , she went UNK picking with him , and they would come home together , mouths purple , arms and faces scratched , tired enough to forget grief for another day . 
 He tended the new colts UNK had UNK . 
 He helped Kate and Juanita enlarge the flower garden in the side yard , where they sometimes sat in the still evenings watching the last fat bees working against the summer's purple dusk . 
 No one went much to the crossroads now except Uncle Randolph . 
 They stayed in their own world on the bluff , waiting for letters and the peddler , bringing the news . 
 Jonathan wrote grimly of the destruction of UNK Ferry before they abandoned it ; ; 
 of their first engagement at UNK Waters after Old Jack's First UNK had destroyed all the rolling stock of the B & O Railroad . 
 The men were UNK , he wrote , ready to take the battle to the enemy as Jackson wished . 
 The peddler came UNK his UNK and told them of the convention in UNK , Which had formed a new state government by declaring the government at Richmond in the east illegal because they were traitors . 
 UNK his gaudy UNK before them , he told of the Rebel losses in the mountains , at UNK and Rich mountains both , and the Federal march on Beverly . 
 `` UNK all them Rebs UNK the hills , they did ! ! 
 They won't never UNK over UNK loyal western Virginia , them traitors ! ! 
 The UNK is making everybody take the oath of loyalty around these parts too '' , he UNK . 
 After he had gone , Kate asked Uncle Randolph proudly , `` Would you take their oath '' ? ? 
 And the old man had given a sly and wicked laugh and said , `` Hell , yes ! ! 
 I think I've taken it about fifty times already '' ! ! 
 UNK at UNK look of shock . 
 Her mother wrote Kate of her grief at the death of Kate's baby and at Jonathan's decision to go with the South `` And , dear Kate '' , she wrote , `` poor Dr. UNK son Robert is now organizing a militia company to go South , to his good father's sorrow . 
 UNK Anderson of Fort UNK is home and recruiting volunteers for the U.S. Army . 
 In spite of the fact that the state legislature voted us neutral , John UNK Morgan is openly flying the Confederate flag over his woolen factory '' ! ! 
 Rumor of a big battle spread like a UNK up the valley . 
 UNK were UNK at the telegraph office when they sent old George down to Parkersburg for the news . 
 `` All UNK know down UNK is it were at UNK UNK and it were a big fight '' , the old man told them . 
 In the next few days they had cause to UNK . 
 It had been a big battle , and the Confederate forces had won . 
 Jonathan and Ben were not on the lists of the dead or on that of the missing . 
 Kate and Mrs. Tussle waited for letters anxiously . 
 Joel went to the crest of a hill behind the house and lit an enormous victory UNK to celebrate . 
 When Kate hurried in alarm to tell him to put it out , she saw other dots of flames among the western Virginia hills from the few scattered fires of the faithful . 
 They all prayed now that the North would realize that peace must come , for Virginia had defended her land UNK . 
 The week after UNK the sound of horses in the yard brought Kate up in shock from an UNK rest when she saw the Federal soldiers from her upstairs window . 
 They had already lost most of their corn , she thought . 
 Were they to be UNK again because of the South's great victory ? ? 
 She remembered UNK last proclamation as she hurried fearfully down the stairs . 
 At the landing she saw Juanita , her face flushed pink with excitement , run down the hall from the kitchen to the front door . 
 Juanita stopped just inside the open door , her hand to her mouth . 
 As Kate came swiftly down the stairs to the hall she saw Colonel Marsh framed in the doorway , his face set in the same vulnerable look Juanita wore . 
 Kate greeted him gravely , uneasy with misgivings at his visit . 
 `` What brings you here again , Colonel Marsh '' ? ? 
 She asked , taking him and Juanita into the parlor where the shutters were closed against the afternoon sun . 
 `` I stopped to say goodbye , Mrs. UNK , and to tell you how sorry I was to hear about your baby . 
 I wish our doctor could have saved her '' . 
 `` It was a terrible loss to me '' , said Kate quietly , feeling the pain twist again at the mention , knowing now that Juanita must have written to him at Grafton . 
 `` Where will you go now that you're leaving Parkersburg '' ? ? 
 She asked him , seeing UNK eyes grow bleak . 
 `` As you know , General McClellan has been occupying Beverly . 
 He has notified me that he has orders to go to Washington to take over the Army of the UNK . 
 I am to go to Washington to serve with him '' . 
 `` When are you to leave '' ? ? 
 Kate asked , watching them both now anxiously . 
 Their eyes betrayed too much of their emotions , she thought sadly . 
 `` Tomorrow . 
 Would you permit Juanita to walk about the grounds with me for a short spell , Mrs. UNK '' ? ? 
 `` Stay here in the parlor where it's cool '' , she said , trying to be calm . 
 It would be better for Joel and Uncle Randolph and Mrs. Tussle not to see them . 
 Kate went back and reminded the kitchen women of the supper preparations . 
 Then she took UNK UNK to UNK young aide where he sat in the cool of the big trees around the flower garden . 
 When Marsh called to his aide and the pair rode off down the River Road where the UNK burned blue , Juanita was shaken and trying not to cry . 
 She sought Kate out upstairs , her lips trembling . 
 `` He wants me to go with him tomorrow '' , she told Kate . 
 `` What do you want to do '' ? ? 
 Kate asked , uneasy at the gravity of the girl's dilemma . 
 `` I could go with him . 
 He knows me as your niece , which , of course , I am . 
 But I am a slave ! ! 
 You own me . 
 It's your decision '' , said Juanita , holding her face very still , trying to contain the bitterness of her voice as she UNK her words too distinctly . 
 `` No , the decision is yours . 
 I have held your papers of UNK since I married Mr. UNK '' . 
 The red glow from the UNK had died out of the sky . 
 The two in the bed knew each other as old people know the partners with whom they have shared the same bed for many years , and they needed to say no more . 
 The things left UNK they both felt deeply , and with a sigh they fell back on the UNK UNK . 
 UNK put out the remaining candles with a long UNK , and in the smell of scented UNK , the comforting awareness of each other's bodies , the retained pattern of dancers and guests remembered , their minds grew numb and then empty of images . 
 They slept -- UNK with a UNK high-pitched snoring , the damn UNK ivory teeth watching him from a bedside table . 
 In the ballroom below , the dark had given way to moonlight coming in through the bank of French windows . 
 It was a delayed moon , but now the sky had cleared of UNK black and the stars UNK the UNK sky . 
 Martha UNK , old , slow , careful of foot , came down the great staircase , dressed in her best UNK black silk , her UNK shoe UNK held forward . 
 `` Well , I'm here at last '' , she said , addressing the old portraits on the walls . 
 `` I don't hear the music . 
 I am getting deaf , I must admit it '' . 
 She came to the ballroom and stood on the two UNK steps that led down to it . 
 `` Where is everyone ? ? 
 I say , where is everyone ? ? 
 Peter , you UNK , you've forgot to order the musicians '' . 
 She stood there , a large old woman , smiling at the things she would say to him in the morning , this big foolish baby of a son . 
 There were times now , like this , when she lost control of the time count and moved freely back and forth into three generations . 
 Was it a birthday ball ? ? 
 When Peter had reached his majority at eighteen ? ? 
 Or was it her own first ball as mistress of this big house , a Van UNK bride from way UNK near Albany , from UNK . 
 And this handsome UNK , staring and UNK , was he her UNK ? ? 
 Martha picked up the hem of her gown and with eyes closed she slowly began to dance a stately UNK around the ballroom . 
 David UNK was tired beyond almost the limits of his flesh . 
 He had ridden hard from Boston , and he was not used to UNK . 
 Now , driving the horse and sulky borrowed from UNK UNK , he felt as if every bone was topped by burning oil and that every muscle was ready to dissolve into UNK and leave his big body helpless and unable to move . 
 The road leading south along the river was shaded with old trees , and in the moonlight the UNK landscape was like a setting for UNK and wood gods rather than the Hudson River Valley of his boyhood memories . 
 He slapped the reins on the back of the powerful gray horse and held on as the UNK wheels hit a UNK and came out with a jolt and went on . 
 He would cross to Manhattan , to Harlem Heights , before morning . 
 There a certain farmhouse was a station for the Sons of Liberty . 
 He would send on by trusted messenger the UNK with their UNK news . 
 And he would sleep , sleep , and never think of roads and UNK sore haunches , of colonial wars . 
 Strange how everything here fitted back into his life , even if he had been away so long . 
 UNK , Sir Francis , the valley society , the very smell of the river on his right UNK along to the bay past fish UNK and rocks , and ahead the sleepy ribbon of UNK road . 
 A mist was walking on the water , white as cotton , but with a UNK and merging grace . 
 UNK there was a stirring of sudden movement at a crossroads . 
 David reached for the pair of pistols in the UNK at his feet . 
 He pulled out one of them and cocked it . 
 A strange wood creature came floating up from a patch of UNK bushes . 
 It was a grotesque hen , five or six feet tall . 
 It had the features of a man UNK by UNK of loose feathers . 
 It ran , this UNK beast , on two thin legs , and its wings -- were they feathered arms ? ? 
 -- flapped as it ran . 
 Its groin was bloody . 
 Black strips of skin hung from it . 
 The horse UNK at the dreadful thing and flared its UNK . 
 David took a firm hand with it . 
 The creature in feathers looked around and David saw the mad eyes , glazed with an insane fear . 
 The UNK bird thing ran away , and to David its UNK sounded like the UNK of a UNK UNK . 
 Then it was gone . 
 He drove on , wary and shaken . 
 The Sons were out tonight . 
 Chapter 10 
 New York lay UNK in the summer sun , and the morning fish hawk , flying in the heated air , saw below him the long triangular wedge of Manhattan Island . 
 It was thickly settled by fifteen thousand citizens and laid out into UNK streets , mostly around the UNK , going bravely north to Wall Street , but giving up and becoming fields and farms in the region of Harlem Heights . 
 From there it looked across at Westchester County and the Hudson River where the UNK houses , estates , and big farms of the original ( UNK ) UNK began . 
 On the east side of the island of Manhattan the indifferent hawk knew the East River that connected New York Bay with Long Island UNK . 
 On the western tip of Long Island protruded Brooklyn Heights . 
 It commanded a view over Manhattan and the harbor . 
 A fringe of housing and gardens bearded the top of the heights , and behind it were sandy roads leading past farms and UNK . 
 UNK was bounded by UNK fences , and there were UNK cattle . 
 On the shores north and south , the UNK and UNK -- UNK -- lived along the UNK Great South Bay and the narrow barrier of sand , Fire Island . 
 The morning hawk , hungry for any UNK , UNK , UNK item , kept his eyes on the ring of anchored ships that lay off the shores in the bay , sheltered by the Jersey UNK . 
 They often threw UNK overboard . 
 The larger ships were near UNK UNK , already being called , by a few , Jersey City . 
 These were the ships of His UNK Navy , UNK the UNK of the East Indies merchants and the UNK and UNK of the UNK . 
 The news of battle on UNK Hill had already UNK through , and New York itself was now left in the hands of the local UNK Congress . 
 The fish hawk , his wings not moving , circled and UNK lower . 
 The UNK UNK of the UNK becoming clearer to him , the sides of the wooden sea walls alternately painted yellow and black , the bronze cannon at the ports . 
 The captain's UNK of UNK UNK was being UNK to UNK UNK . 
 On shore `` the freed slaves to despotism '' -- the town UNK -- watched the ships and waited . 
 The UNK de UNK , those sharp stakes and barriers around the fort at the UNK , pointed to a conflict between the town and sea power rolling in UNK swells as the tide came in . 
 Across the bay the UNK were heavy in green timber ; ; 
 their rock paths led down to the Hudson . 
 Below in the open bay facing Manhattan was Staten Island , UNK with UNK shells and mud UNK behind which nested farms , cattle barns , and UNK UNK . 
 Along UNK Creek in UNK County , past the white church at UNK , past UNK Point on the east bank of the Hudson , to the white UNK roads of the Long Island UNK there was a watching and an activity of preparing for something explosive to happen . 
 Today , tomorrow , six months , even perhaps a year 
 The fish hawk flew on and was lost from sight . 
 The British ships rolled at anchor , sent out picket boats and waited for orders from London . 
 UNK for more ships , more UNK infantry , and asked what was to be done with a war of rebellion ? ? 
 David UNK , having slept away a day and a night , came awake in a plank farmhouse on the Harlem River near UNK UNK . 
 He looked out through UNK turned a faint UNK by sun and weather , looked out at King's Bridge toward Westchester . 
 The road seemed animated with a few more wagons than usual ; ; 
 a carriage raising up the choking June dust , and beyond , in a meadow , a local militia company drilling with UNK , UNK rifles , every kind of horse pistol , old sword , or UNK . 
 The UNK events of the last few days flooded David's mind and he rubbed his UNK chin and felt again the ache in his kidneys caused by his saddle UNK from Boston . 
 UNK , UNK , he UNK . 
 He had sent the UNK downtown to the proper people and had slept . 
 Now there was more to do . 
 Orders not written down had to be transmitted to the local provincial government . 
 He scratched his UNK neck . 
 From the UNK , hung on a UNK chair , David took out a good English razor , a present from John Hunter . 
 He found UNK water in a pitcher and a last bit of soap , and he UNK his face and stood UNK the razor on his broad leather belt , its buckle held firm by a UNK of the UNK . 
 He hoped he was free of UNK . 
 Here he was , suddenly caught up in the UNK of a war , in the spite and UNK of Whigs and Tories . 
 There would be great need soon for his skill as surgeon , but somehow he had not planned to use his knowledge merely for war . 
 David UNK had certain UNK UNK that this rebellion was not wholly what it appeared on the surface . 
 He knew that many were using it for their own ends . 
 But it did not matter . 
 He UNK the razor slowly ; ; 
 what mattered was that a new concept of Americans was being born . 
 That some men did not want it he could understand . 
 The moral UNK of merchants made them loyal usually to their UNK . 
 Yet some , like Morris UNK , would bankrupt themselves for the new ideas . 
 UNK circumstances would test us all , he decided . 
 UNK and UNK would occur . 
 No doubt John UNK would do well now ; ; 
 war was a UNK heaven . 
 And what of that poor UNK and feathered UNK he had seen on the road driving down from UNK ? ? 
 Things like that would increase rather than be done away with . 
 One had to believe in final events or one was stranded in the abyss of nothing . 
 He saw with John Hunter now that the UNK of man was a dream . 
 Life was a short play of UNK shadows . 
 David began to shave with great sweeping strokes . 
 Time plays an essential part in our mortality , and suddenly for no reason he could imagine ( or admit ) the image of UNK laughing filled his mind -- so desirable , so UNK , so full of UNK of pleasure and joy . 
 He drove sensual patterns off , carefully shaving his long upper lip . 
 It is harder , he muttered , to UNK on man ( or woman ) than on God . 
 David finished shaving , washed his face clean of UNK , and combed and UNK his hair . 
 He was proud that he had never worn a UNK . 
 More and more of the UNK were wearing their own hair and not using powder . 
 He felt cheerful again , refreshed ; ; 
 UNK in his UNK brown suit , the UNK riding boots . 
 It is so easy to UNK sentiment . 
 In the meadow below , militia officers shouted at their men and on King's Bridge two boys sat fishing . 
 The future would happen ; ; 
 he did not have to hurry it by thinking too much . 
 A man could be tossed outside the dimension of time by a stray bullet these days . 
 He began to pack the UNK . 
 And all this too shall pass away : it came to him out of some dim corner of memory from a church service when he was a boy -- yes , in a white church with a thin spur steeple in the UNK Hudson Valley , where a feeling of UNK was normal in those UNK UNK with their UNK UNK . 
 UNK UNK men and wrinkled women in drab black rags carried on in a primitive way , almost unchanged from feudal times . 
 UNK puzzled Andrei . 
 He wondered how they could go on in poverty , superstition , ignorance , with a complete lack of desire to make either their land or their lives flourish . 
 Andrei remembered a UNK meeting long ago . 
 UNK UNK had returned from the colonies in Palestine and , before the national leadership , exalted the miracles of drying up UNK and UNK the desert . 
 A fund-raising drive to buy tractors and machinery was launched . 
 Andrei remembered that his own reaction had been one of indifference . 
 Had he found the meaning too late ? ? 
 It UNK him . 
 The land of the Lublin UNK was rich , but no one seemed to care . 
 In the UNK land in Palestine humans broke their backs pushing will power to the UNK . 
 He had sat beside Alexander UNK at the UNK of a UNK of UNK . 
 All of them were there in this loosely knit association of diversified UNK , and each UNK the other and beat his breast for his own approaches . 
 When Alexander UNK rose to speak , the hall became silent . 
 `` I do not care if your beliefs take you along a path of religion or a path of labor or a path of UNK . 
 We are here because all our paths travel a blind course through a thick forest , seeking human dignity . 
 Beyond the forest all our paths merge into a single great highway which ends in the barren , eroded hills of UNK . 
 This is our singular goal . 
 How we travel through the forest is for each man's conscience . 
 Where we end our journey is always the same . 
 We all seek the same thing through different ways -- an end to this long night of two thousand years of darkness and unspeakable abuses which will continue to plague us until the Star of David flies over Zion '' . 
 This was how Alexander UNK expressed pure UNK . 
 It had sounded good to Andrei , but he did not believe it . 
 In his heart he had no desire to go to Palestine . 
 He loathed the idea of drying up UNK or the UNK of UNK or of leaving his natural UNK . 
 Before he went into battle Andrei had told Alex , `` I only want to be a Pole . 
 Warsaw is my city , not UNK UNK '' . 
 And now Andrei sat on a train on the way to Lublin and wondered if he was not being punished for his lack of belief . 
 Warsaw ! ! 
 He saw the smug eyes of the Home Army chief , Roman , and all the Romans and the faces of the peasants who held only hatred for him . 
 They had let this black hole of death in UNK heart exist without a cry of protest . 
 Once there had been big glittering rooms where UNK bowed and kissed the ladies' hands as they UNK from behind their fans . 
 Warsaw ! ! 
 Warsaw ! ! 
 `` Miss UNK . 
 I am a Jew '' . 
 Day by day , week by week , month by month , the betrayal UNK at UNK heart . 
 He ground his teeth together . 
 I hate Warsaw , he said to himself . 
 I hate Poland and all the UNK UNK sons of them . 
 All of Poland is a coffin . 
 The terrible vision of the ghetto streets flooded his mind . 
 What matters now ? ? 
 What is beyond this fog ? ? 
 Only Palestine , and I will never live to see Palestine because I did not believe . 
 By late afternoon the train UNK into the UNK yards in the UNK at Lublin , which was filled with lines of cars poised to pour the tools of war to the Russian front . 
 At a siding , another train which was a familiar sight these days . 
 UNK . 
 Jews . 
 UNK skilled eye sized them up . 
 They were not Poles . 
 He guessed by their appearance that they were UNK . 
 He walked toward the center of the city to keep his rendezvous with Styka . 
 Of all the places in Poland , Andrei hated Lublin the most . 
 The UNK were all gone . 
 Few of the native Jews who had lived in Lublin were still in the ghetto . 
 From the moment of the occupation Lublin became a focal point . 
 He and UNK watched it carefully . 
 Lublin generally was the UNK of what would happen elsewhere . 
 Early in 1939 , UNK UNK , the UNK of Vienna , established SS headquarters for all of Poland . 
 The UNK ran a check on UNK and had only to conclude that he was in a UNK of war with Hans Frank and the civilian administrators . 
 UNK built the UNK Corps . 
 Lublin was the seed of action for the `` final solution '' of the Jewish problem . 
 As the messages from UNK , UNK , and Eichmann came in through Alfred Funk , UNK UNK UNK . 
 A UNK of UNK UNK , work camps , concentration camps erupted in the area . 
 UNK thousand Jewish prisoners of war disappeared into UNK web . 
 Plans went in and out of Lublin , indicating German confusion . 
 A tale of a massive reservation in the UNK to hold several million Jews A tale of a plan to ship all Jews to the island of UNK UNK of the UNK of the guards at UNK camps struck a chord of terror at the mere mention of their names . 
 UNK 7 , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK . 
 UNK baths , electric shocks , UNK , wild dogs , UNK UNK . 
 The UNK Corps took in UNK and UNK UNK , and the UNK UNK UNK in blood and turned into drunken , UNK UNK . 
 Lublin was their heart . 
 In the spring of 1942 Operation UNK began in Lublin . 
 The ghetto , a miniature of UNK , was emptied into the camp in the UNK suburb called Majdanek . 
 As the camp emptied , it was UNK by a UNK of the camps and towns around Lublin , then by UNK from outside Poland . 
 In and in and in they poured through the gates of Majdanek , but they never left , and Majdanek was not growing any larger . 
 What was happening in Majdanek ? ? 
 Was Operation UNK the same pattern for the daily trains now leaving the UNK in Warsaw ? ? 
 Was there another Majdanek in the Warsaw area , as they suspected ? ? 
 Andrei stopped at UNK Place and looked around quickly at the boundary of civil buildings . 
 His watch told him he was still early . 
 Down the UNK he could see a portion of the ghetto wall . 
 He found an empty bench , opened a newspaper , and stretched his legs before him . 
 UNK Boulevard was filled with black Nazi uniforms and the dirty UNK ones of their UNK . 
 `` Captain UNK '' ! ! 
 Andrei glanced up over the top of the paper and looked into the UNK , homely face of Sergeant Styka . 
 Styka sat beside him and UNK his hand excitedly . 
 `` I have been waiting across the street at the post office since dawn . 
 I thought you might get in on a morning train '' . 
 `` It's good to see you again , Styka '' . 
 Styka studied his captain . 
 He almost broke into tears . 
 To him , Andrei UNK had always been the living symbol of a Polish officer . 
 His captain was thin and UNK and his beautiful boots were worn and shabby . 
 `` Remember to call me Jan '' , Andrei said . 
 Styka nodded and sniffed and blew his nose UNK . 
 `` When that woman found me and told me that you needed me I was never so happy since before the war '' . 
 `` I'm lucky that you were still living in Lublin '' . 
 Styka UNK about fate . 
 `` For a time I thought of trying to reach the Free Polish Forces , but one thing led to another . 
 I got a girl in trouble and we had to get married . 
 Not a bad girl . 
 So we have three children and responsibilities . 
 I work at the UNK . 
 Nothing like the old days in the army , but I get by . 
 Who UNK ? ? 
 Many times I tried to reach you , but I never knew how . 
 I came to Warsaw twice , but there was that damned ghetto wall '' 
 `` I understand '' . 
 Styka blew his nose again . 
 `` Were you able to make the arrangements '' ? ? 
 Andrei asked . 
 `` There is a man named Grabski who is the foreman in charge of the UNK at Majdanek . 
 I did exactly as instructed . 
 I told him you are on orders from the Home Army to get inside Majdanek so you can make a report to the government in exile in London '' . 
 `` His answer '' ? ? 
 `` Ten thousand UNK '' . 
 `` Can he be trusted '' ? ? 
 `` He is aware he will not live for twenty-four hours if he UNK you '' . 
 `` Good man , Styka '' . 
 `` Captain Jan must you go inside Majdanek ? ? 
 The stories Everyone really knows what is happening there '' . 
 `` Not everyone , Styka '' . 
 `` What good will it really do '' ? ? 
 `` I don't know . 
 Perhaps perhaps there is a UNK of conscience left in the human race . 
 Perhaps if they know the story there will be a massive cry of indignation '' . 
 `` Do you really believe that , Jan '' ? ? 
 `` I have to believe it '' . 
 Styka shook his head slowly . 
 `` I am only a simple soldier . 
 I cannot think things out too well . 
 Until I was transferred into the Seventh UNK I was like every other Pole in my feeling about Jews . 
 I hated you when I first came in . 
 But my captain might have been a Jew , but he wasn't a Jew . 
 What I mean is , he was a Pole and the greatest soldier in the UNK . 
 Hell , sir . 
 The men of our company had a dozen fights defending your name . 
 You never knew about it , but by God , we taught them respect for Captain UNK '' . 
 Andrei smiled . 
 `` Since the war I have seen the way the Germans have behaved and I think , Holy Mother , we have behaved like this for hundreds of years . 
 Why '' ? ? 
 `` How can you tell an insane man to reason or a blind man to see '' ? ? 
 `` But we are neither blind nor insane . 
 The men of your company would not allow your name UNK . 
 Why do we let the Germans do this '' ? ? 
 `` I have sat many hours with this , Styka . 
 All I ever wanted was to be a free man in my own country . 
 I've lost faith , Styka . 
 I used to love this country and believe that someday we'd win our battle for equality . 
 But now I think I hate it very much '' . 
 `` And do you really think that the world outside Poland will care any more than we do '' ? ? 
 The question frightened Andrei . 
 `` Please don't go inside Majdanek '' . 
 `` I'm still a soldier in a very small way , Styka '' . 
 It was an answer that Styka understood . 
 UNK UNK was beyond the bridge over the River UNK near the rail center . 
 Grabski sat in a UNK UNK , cursing the excessive heat which clamped an uneasy stillness before sundown . 
 He was a square brick of a man with a UNK face and UNK Polish features . 
 UNK UNK around the bowl of UNK in which he mopped thick black bread . 
 Half of it dripped down his chin . 
 He washed it down with beer and produced a UNK UNK . 
 `` Well '' ? ? 
 Andrei demanded . 
 Grabski looked at the pair of them . 
 He grunted a sort of `` yes '' answer . 
 `` My cousin works at the Labor Bureau . 
 He can make you work papers . 
 It will take a few days . 
 I will get you inside the guard camp as a member of my crew . 
 I don't know if I can get you into the inner camp . 
 Maybe yes , maybe no , but you can observe everything from the roof of a UNK we are building '' . 
 Grabski UNK his way to the bottom of the soup bowl . 
 `` Can't understand why the hell anyone wants to go inside that UNK place '' . 
 `` Orders from the Home Army '' . 
 `` Why ? ? 
 Nothing there but Jews '' . 
 Andrei shrugged . 
 `` We get strange orders '' . 
 `` Well -- what about the money '' ? ? 
 Andrei peeled off five UNK notes . 
 Grabski had never seen so much money . 
 His broad flat fingers , UNK into massive sausages by years of UNK , snatched the bills UNK . 
 `` This ain't enough '' . 
 `` You get the rest when I'm safely out of Majdanek '' . 
 `` I ain't taking no UNK chances for no Jew business '' . 
 Andrei and Styka were silent . 
 She was getting real dramatic . 
 I'd have been more impressed if I hadn't remembered that she'd played UNK UNK in her UNK UNK course . 
 I didn't want her back on that broken record . 
 `` UNK free in the whole goddam world '' , was all I could think of to say . 
 When I'd delivered myself of that gem there was nothing to do but order up another drink . 
 `` I am '' , she said . 
 I'd forgotten all about Thelma and the Kentucky UNK and how it was UNK fifty dollars I was spending . 
 It was just me and Eileen getting drunk together like we used to in the old days , and me staring at her across the table crazy to get my hands on her partly because I wanted to UNK her neck because she was so UNK but mostly because she was so wonderful to touch . 
 UNK or sober she was the most attractive woman in the world for me . 
 I was crazy about her all over again . 
 It was the call of the wild all right . 
 That evening turned out to be hell like all the others . 
 We moved down Broadway from UNK to UNK . 
 It was the same old routine . 
 Eileen got to dancing , just a little tiny dancing step to a UNK tune that you could hardly notice , and trying to pick up strange men , but each time I was ready to say to hell with it and walk out she'd pull herself together and talk so UNK in that sweet UNK voice about the good times and the happiness we'd had together and there I was back on the hook . 
 I did have the decency to call up Thelma and tell her I'd met old friends and would be home late . 
 `` I could scratch her eyes out '' , Eileen cried and stamped her foot when I came back from the phone booth . 
 `` You know I don't like my men to have other women . 
 I hate it . 
 I hate it '' . 
 She got so drunk I had to take her home . 
 It was a walk up on Hudson Street . 
 She just about made me carry her upstairs and then she clung to me and wouldn't let me go . 
 There was a man's jacket on the chair and a straw hat on the table . 
 The place UNK of some kind of hair lotion these UNK characters use . 
 `` What about UNK '' ? ? 
 I had to shake her to make her listen . 
 `` Precious . 
 What about him '' ? ? 
 Suddenly she was very mysterious and dramatic . 
 `` Precious and I allow each other absolute freedom . 
 We are above being jealous . 
 He's used to me bringing home strange men . 
 I'll just tell him you're my husband . 
 He can't object to that '' . 
 `` Well I object . 
 If he UNK his nose in here I'll slug him '' . 
 `` That really would be funny '' . 
 She began to laugh . 
 She was still laughing when I grabbed her and started rolling her on the bed . 
 After all I'm made of flesh and blood . 
 I'm not a plaster saint . 
 UNK up was horrible . 
 Never in my life have I felt so UNK about anything I've done as I did about spending that night with my own wife . 
 We both had UNK . 
 Eileen declared she couldn't lift her head from the pillow . 
 She lay under the covers making UNK motions with her forefinger telling me where to look for the UNK . 
 I was stumbling in my UNK trying to find my way around her damn UNK when I UNK that UNK sweet UNK smell . 
 There was somebody else in the apartment . 
 I stiffened . 
 UNK I could feel the hair stand up on the back of my neck like a UNK that is going to get into a fight . 
 I turned around with the UNK in my hand . 
 My eyes were so UNK I could barely see him but there he was , a little smooth UNK guy in a new spring overcoat and a UNK UNK . 
 Brown eyes , eyebrow mustache . 
 UNK face without an expression in the world . 
 We didn't have time to speak before UNK voice was screeching at us from the bed . 
 `` Joseph Maria UNK meet Francis UNK UNK . 
 UNK meet UNK '' . 
 She gave the UNK laugh I ever heard . 
 `` And don't either of you forget that I'm not any man's property . 
 If you want to fight , go down on the sidewalk '' . 
 She was enjoying the situation . 
 Imagine that . 
 Eileen was a psychologist all right . 
 Instead of wanting to sock the poor bastard I found myself having a UNK for him . 
 Maybe he felt the same way . 
 I never felt such a UNK hound in my life . 
 First thing I knew he was in the UNK cooking up the breakfast and I was handing Eileen her UNK and she was lying there handsome as a queen among her courtiers . 
 I couldn't face Thelma after that night . 
 I didn't even have the nerve to call her on the telephone . 
 I wrote her that I'd met up with Eileen and that old bonds had proved too strong and asked her to send my clothes down by express . 
 Of course I had to give her UNK address , but she never came near us . 
 All she did was write me a pleasant little note about how it was beautiful while it lasted but that now life had parted our ways and it was goodbye forever . 
 She never said a word about the fifty dollars . 
 She added a UNK begging me to be careful about drinking . 
 I must know that that was my greatest weakness UNK three times . 
 Afterwards I learned that Eileen had called Thelma on the telephone and made a big scene about Thelma trying to take her husband away . 
 That finished me with Thelma . 
 UNK Eileen to squeeze all the drama out of a situation . 
 And there I was UNK up with Eileen in that filthy fourth floor attic on Hudson Street . 
 I use the phrase UNK because there was something positively indecent about our relationship . 
 I felt it and it ate on me all the time , but I didn't know how right I was till later . 
 What I did know was that Precious was always around . 
 He slept in the hall bedroom at the head of the stairs . 
 `` Who do you think pays the rent ? ? 
 You wouldn't have me throw the poor boy out on the street '' , Eileen said when I UNK her about it . 
 I said sure that was what I wanted her to do but she paid no attention . 
 Eileen had a wonderful way of not listening to things she didn't want to hear . 
 Still I didn't think she was UNK me with Precious right then . 
 To be on the safe side I never let Eileen get out of my sight day or night . 
 Precious had me worried . 
 I couldn't make out what his racket was . 
 I'd thought him a UNK or UNK but he didn't seem to be . 
 He was smooth and civil spoken but it seemed to me there was something tough under his UNK manner . 
 Still he let Eileen treat him like a UNK . 
 Whenever the place was cleaned or a meal served it was Precious who did the work . 
 I never could find out what his business was . 
 He always seemed to have money in his pocket . 
 The phone had been disconnected but UNK came for him and notes by special messenger . 
 Now and then he would disappear for several days . 
 `` UNK '' was all he would say with that smooth hurt smile when I put leading questions . 
 `` Oh he's just an international spy '' , Eileen would shout with her UNK laugh . 
 Poor devil he can't have been too happy either . 
 He got no relief from drink because , though sometimes Precious would buy himself a drink if he went out with us in the evening , he'd leave it on the table untouched . 
 When I was in liquor I rode him pretty hard I guess . 
 Occasionally if I pushed him too far he'd give me a look out of narrowed eyes and the hard cruel bony UNK would show through that smooth face of his . 
 `` Some day '' , I told Eileen , `` that guy will kill us both '' . 
 She just wouldn't listen . 
 Getting drunk every night was the only way I could handle the situation . 
 Eileen seemed to feel the same way . 
 We still had that much in common . 
 The trouble was drinking cost money . 
 The way Eileen and I were hitting it up , we needed ten or fifteen dollars an evening . 
 Eileen must have UNK a little out of Precious . 
 I raised some UNK by UNK the good clothes I had left over from my respectable uptown life , but when that was gone I didn't have a cent . 
 I don't know what we would have done if Pat UNK hadn't come to town . 
 Pat UNK looked like a heavier Jim . 
 He had the same bullet head of curly UNK hair but he didn't have Jim's UNK humor or his brains or his charm . 
 He was a big thick UNK violent man . 
 Now Pat may have been a UNK and a UNK , but he was a good UNK Catholic and he loved his little sister . 
 Those UNK had that Irish UNK that made them stick together in spite of politics and everything . 
 Pat took Eileen and me out to dinner at a swell steak house and told us with tears in his eyes how happy he was we had come together again . 
 `` UNK God UNK joined '' etcetera . 
 The UNK were real religious people except for Kate . 
 Now it would be up to me to keep the little girl out of mischief . 
 Pat had been worried as hell ever since she'd lost her job on that fashion magazine . 
 It had gone big with the Hollywood girls when he told them his sister was an editor of Art And UNK . 
 How about me trying to help her get her job back ? ? 
 All evening Eileen had been as UNK as a little girl getting ready for her first communion . 
 It just about blew us both out of the water when Eileen suddenly came out with what she came out with . 
 `` But brother I can't take a job right now '' , she said with her eyes on her ice cream , `` I'm going to have a baby , Francis UNK baby , my own husband's baby '' . 
 My first thought was how had it happened so soon , but I counted back on my fingers and sure enough we'd been living together six weeks . 
 Pat meanwhile was UNK over with sentiment . 
 Greatest thing that ever happened . 
 Now Eileen really would have to settle down to love honor and obey , and she'd have to quit drinking . 
 He'd come East for the UNK , by God he would . 
 When we separated that evening Pat pushed a hundred dollar bill into UNK hand to help towards a UNK . 
 Before he left town Pat saw to it that I was fixed up with a job . 
 Pat had contacts all over the labor movement . 
 A friend of UNK named Frank Sposato had just UNK into the UNK Union . 
 The UNK were retired UNK and small time UNK off UNK and UNK who acted as UNK on the UNK . 
 Most of them were elderly men . 
 It was responsible and sometimes dangerous work because the thieving is awful in the port of New York . 
 They weren't as well paid as they should have been . 
 One reason the UNK let Sposato take them over was to get the protection of his UNK . 
 Sposato needed a front , some labor stiff with a clean record to act as business agent of the UNK local . 
 There I was a retired UNK and structural iron worker who'd never UNK a cent off a fellow worker in my thirty years in the movement . 
 For once radicalism was a recommendation . 
 Sposato couldn't wait to get me hired . 
 With my gray hair and my UNK countenance I certainly looked the honest working stiff . 
 The things a man will do for a woman . 
 There was one fact which Rector could not overlook , one truth which he could not deny . 
 As long as there were two human beings working together on the same project , there would be competition and you could no more escape it than you could expect to escape the grave . 
 No matter how devoted a man was , no matter how fully he gave his life to the Lord , he could never UNK that one spark of pride that gave him definition as an individual . 
 All of the jobs in the mission might be equal in the eyes of the Lord , but they were certainly not equal in the eyes of the Lord's servants . 
 It was only natural that Fletcher would strive for a position in which he could make the decisions . 
 Even Rector himself was prey to this spirit of competition and he knew it , not for a more exalted office in the hierarchy of the church -- his ambitions for the UNK had died very early in his career -- but for the one clear victory he had talked about to the colonel . 
 He was not sure how much of this desire was due to his devotion to the church and how much was his own ego , demanding to be satisfied , for the two were intertwined and could not be separated . 
 He wanted desperately to see Kayabashi defeated , the Communists in the village rooted out , the mission standing triumphant , for in the triumph of the Lord he himself would be triumphant , too . 
 But perhaps this was a part of the eternal plan , that man's ambition when linked with God would be a driving , UNK force for good in the world . 
 He sighed . 
 How foolish it was to try to UNK the truth in an area where only faith would suffice . 
 He would have to work without questioning the motives which made him work and content himself with the thought that the eventual victory , however it was brought about , would be sweet indeed . 
 His first move was to send Hino to the village to spend a few days . 
 His arm had been giving him some trouble and Rector was not enough of a medical expert to determine whether it had healed UNK or whether Hino was simply UNK against the tedious work in the print shop , using the UNK in his arm as an excuse . 
 In any event Rector sent him to the local hospital to have it checked , telling him to keep his ears open while he was in the village to see if he could find out what Kayabashi was planning . 
 Hino was UNK at the prospect . 
 He was allowed to spend his nights at an inn near the hospital and he was given some extra money to go to the UNK parlor -- an excellent place to make contact with the enemy . 
 He left with all the joyous spirit of a child going on a holiday , nodding UNK as Rector gave him his final instructions . 
 He was to get involved in no arguments ; ; 
 he was to try to make no converts ; ; 
 he was simply to listen and report back what he heard . 
 It was a ridiculous situation and Rector knew it , for Hino , frankly partisan , openly gregarious , would make a poor espionage agent . 
 If he wanted to know anything , he would end up asking about it UNK , but in this UNK manner he would probably receive more UNK answers than if he tried to get them by UNK . 
 In all of his experience in the mission field Rector had never seen a convert quite like Hino . 
 From the moment that Hino had first walked into the mission to ask for a job , any job -- his qualifications neatly written on a piece of paper in a precise hand -- he had been ready to become a Christian . 
 He had already been studying the Bible ; ; 
 he knew the fundamentals , and after studying with Fletcher for a time he approached Rector , announced that he wanted to be baptized and that was that . 
 Rector had never been able to find out much about UNK past . 
 Hino talked very little about himself except for the infrequent times when he used a personal illustration in connection with another subject . 
 UNK the pieces of this mosaic together , Rector had the vague outlines of a biography . 
 Hino was the fourth son of an elderly farmer who lived on the coast , in UNK , and divided his life between the land and the sea , UNK the marginal livelihood on his small rented farm with seasonal employment on a fishing boat . 
 Without exception UNK brothers turned to either one or both of their father's UNK , but Hino showed a talent for neither and instead spent most of his time on the beach where he repaired UNK and proved immensely popular as a storyteller . 
 He had gone into the Japanese navy , had been trained as an officer , had participated in one or two battles -- he never went into detail regarding his military experience -- and at the age of twenty-five , quite as a bolt out of the blue , he had walked into the mission as if he belonged here and had become a Christian . 
 Rector was often curious ; ; 
 often tempted to ask questions but he never did . 
 If and when Hino decided to tell him about his experiences , he would do so UNK . 
 Rector had no doubt that Hino would come back from the village bursting with information , ready to impart it with his customary UNK , liberally UNK with his active UNK . 
 When the telephone rang on the day after Hino went down to the village , Rector had a hunch it would be Hino with some UNK of information too important to wait until his return , for there were few telephones in the village and the phone in UNK office rarely rang unless it was important . 
 He was surprised to find UNK secretary on the other end of the line . 
 He was even more startled when he heard what Kayabashi wanted . 
 The oyabun was entertaining a group of UNK , the secretary said , businessmen from Tokyo for the most part , and Kayabashi wished to show them the mission . 
 They had never seen one before and had expressed a curiosity about it . 
 `` Oh '' ? ? 
 Rector said . 
 `` I guess it will be all right . 
 When would the oyabun like to bring his guests up here '' ? ? 
 `` This afternoon '' , the secretary said . 
 `` At three o'clock if it will be of convenience to you at that time '' . 
 `` All right '' , Rector said . 
 `` I will be expecting them '' . 
 He was about to hang up the phone , but a note of UNK in the secretary's voice left the conversation open . 
 He had something more to say . 
 `` I beg to inquire if the back is now safe for travelers '' , he said . 
 Rector laughed despite himself . 
 `` Unless the oyabun has been working on it '' , he said , then checked himself and added : `` You can tell UNK that the back road is in very good condition and will be quite safe for his party to use '' . 
 `` UNK UNK '' . 
 The secretary sighed with relief and then the telephone clicked in UNK hand . 
 Rector had no idea why Kayabashi wanted to visit the mission . 
 For the oyabun to make such a trip was either a sign of great weakness or an indication of equally great confidence , and from all the available information it was probably the latter . 
 Kayabashi must feel fairly certain of his victory in order to make a visit like this , a trip which could be so easily UNK by the people in the village . 
 At the same time , it was unlikely that any businessmen would spend a day in a Christian mission out of mere curiosity . 
 No , Kayabashi was bringing his associates here for a specific purpose and Rector would not be able to UNK it until they arrived . 
 When he had given the call a few moments thought , he went into the kitchen to ask Mrs. UNK to prepare tea and UNK for the visitors , using the formal English china and the silver tea service which had been donated to the mission , then he went outside to inspect the grounds . 
 UNK had a pile of UNK near one side of the lawn . 
 Rector asked him to move it for the time being ; ; 
 he wanted the mission compound to be UNK UNK . 
 A good initial impression would be important now . 
 He went into the print shop , where Fletcher had just finished cleaning the press . 
 `` How many pamphlets do we have in stock '' ? ? 
 Rector said . 
 `` I should say about a hundred thousand '' , Fletcher said . 
 `` Why '' ? ? 
 `` I would like to enact a little UNK this afternoon '' , Rector said , He explained about the visit and the effect he wished to create , the picture of a very busy mission . 
 He did not wish to UNK Kayabashi exactly , just to display the mission activities in a graphic and impressive manner . 
 Fletcher nodded as he listened to the instructions and said he would arrange the things Rector requested . 
 UNK next stop was at the UNK , where UNK was monitoring a test . 
 He beckoned to her from the door and she slipped quietly outside . 
 He told her of the visitors and then of his plans . 
 `` How many children do you have present today '' ? ? 
 He said . 
 She looked back toward the UNK . 
 `` Fifteen '' , she said . 
 `` No , only fourteen . 
 The little UNK girl had had to go home . 
 She has a pretty bad cold '' . 
 `` I would like them to appear very busy today , not busy exactly , but joyous , exuberant , full of life . 
 I want to create the impression of a compound full of children . 
 Do you think you can manage it '' ? ? 
 UNK smiled . 
 `` I'll try '' . 
 As Rector was walking back toward the residential hall , Johnson came out of the basement and bounded up to him . 
 The UNK in the coffee house had done little to UNK his spirits , but he was still a little wary around Rector for they had not yet discussed the incident . 
 `` I think I've fixed the pump so we won't have to worry about it for a long time '' , he said . 
 `` I've adjusted the gauge so that the pump cuts out before the water gets too low . 
 '' `` Fine '' , Rector said . 
 He looked out over the expanse of the compound . 
 It was going to take a lot of activity to fill it . 
 `` Have you ever operated a transit '' ? ? 
 He said . 
 `` No , sir '' , Johnson said . 
 `` You are about to become a first-class surveyor '' , Rector said . 
 `` When UNK gets back with the UNK , I want you to round up two or three Japanese boys . 
 UNK can help you . 
 You'll find an old transit in the basement . 
 The glass is out of it , but that won't matter . 
 It looks pretty efficient and that's the important thing '' . 
 He went on to explain what he had in mind . 
 Johnson nodded . 
 He said he could do it . 
 Rector was warming to his over-all strategy by the time he got back to the residential hall . 
 It was rather a childish game , all in all , but everybody seemed to be getting into the spirit of the thing and he could not remember when he had enjoyed planning anything quite so much . 
 He was not sure what effect it would have , but that was really beside the point when you got right down to it . 
 He was not going to lose the mission by UNK , and whatever reason Kayabashi had for bringing his little UNK group to the mission , he was going to be in for a surprise . 
 He found Elizabeth in the parlor and asked her to make sure everything was in order in the residential hall , and then to take charge of the office while the party was here . 
 When everything had been done , Rector went back to his desk to occupy himself with his monthly report until three o'clock . 
 At two thirty he sent UNK to the top of the wall at the northeast corner of the mission to keep an eye on the ridge road and give a signal when he first glimpsed the approach of UNK party . 
 Then Rector , UNK in his best blue UNK suit , sat in a chair out on the lawn , in the shade of a tree , smoking a cigarette and waiting . 
 The air was cooler here , and the UNK pattern of the trees threw a UNK shadow on the grass , an effect which he found pleasant . 
 She concluded by asking him to name another hour should this one be UNK . 
 The fish took the UNK . 
 He replied that he could not imagine what importance there might be in thus meeting with a stranger , but -- joy of joys , he would be at home at the hour mentioned . 
 But when she called he had thought better of the matter and decided not to involve himself in a new UNK . 
 She was told by the UNK who opened the door that his UNK was engaged on work from which he had left strict orders he was not to be disturbed . 
 Claire was bitterly disappointed but determined not to let the rebuff UNK her purpose . 
 She wrote again and now , abandoning for the moment the theme of love , she asked for help in the matter of her career . 
 She could act and she could write . 
 His UNK was concerned in the management of UNK Lane but , if there were no opportunities there , would he read and criticize her novel ? ? 
 At last he consented to meet her , and following that brief interview Claire wrote him a yet more remarkable proposal : 
 Have you any objection to the following plan ? ? 
 On Thursday evening we may go out of town together by some stage or mail about the distance of ten or twelve miles . 
 There we shall be free and unknown ; ; 
 we can return the following morning 
 She concluded by asking for a brief interview -- `` to settle with you where '' -- and she threw in a tribute to his `` gentle manners '' and `` the wild originality of your countenance '' . 
 She opened his reply with trembling fingers he agreed ! ! 
 And he would see her that evening . 
 Victory at last ! ! 
 At their meeting he told her not to bother about `` where '' -- he would attend to that . 
 There was one of the new UNK in the room and , as Claire rose to go , he asked her to sing him one song before she left . 
 She sang him UNK charming ballad `` UNK '' , which was the vogue of the moment . 
 She had never sung better . 
 `` Your voice is delightful '' , he approved with a warm smile . 
 `` Tomorrow will be a new experience -- I have never before made love to a UNK . 
 There have been UNK UNK , chattering UNK , thieving UNK , a proud UNK , a silly UNK , and a UNK eagle -- whom I was silly enough to mate with and who is now busy tearing at my UNK '' . 
 And so they went , he choosing of all places an inn near UNK Abbey , scene a generation ago of the UNK UNK of the UNK Club . 
 He UNK Claire with an account of the mock mass performed by the UNK UNK , which he had had at UNK from old Bud UNK , one of the leaders of the so-called `` Order '' . 
 Each wore the UNK UNK at his waist but this , it seems , was not employed for UNK . 
 UNK girls danced in the UNK of the Abbey , the youngest and seemingly the most innocent being chosen to read a sermon filled with veiled UNK . 
 The UNK UNK UNK up pictures of the blasphemous rites with relish . 
 Alas , all that belonged to the age of `` Devil UNK '' and `` UNK UNK '' , UNK and UNK of the Order ! ! 
 The casual UNK of a UNK UNK seemed tame by comparison . 
 They passed close by the turn to UNK . 
 A scant half mile away Shelley and Mary were doubtless sitting on their UNK terrace , the air about them scented with stock , and listening to the UNK who had nested in the big lime tree at the foot of the garden . 
 UNK and peaceful -- but what were charm and peace compared to high adventure ? ? 
 Alone with the fabulous Byron ! ! 
 How many women had longed for the privilege that was hers . 
 How was she to behave , Claire wondered . 
 To be passive , to be UNK shy was UNK absurd . 
 She was the UNK as clearly as was Venus in Shakespeare's poem . 
 And while her UNK did not suffer from UNK , UNK might well be an equal handicap . 
 No , she would not pretend modesty , but neither must she be UNK bold . 
 UNK -- that was the thing . 
 In the bedroom she would insist on darkness . 
 With his club foot he might well be grateful . 
 At the inn , which was situated close to a broad UNK , Byron was greeted by the landlord with UNK deference and addressed as `` UNK '' . 
 The place was evidently a familiar haunt and Claire wondered what other UNK loves had been celebrated in the comfortable rooms to which they were shown . 
 The fire in the sitting room was lighted . 
 `` What about the bedroom '' ? ? 
 Byron inquired . 
 `` Seems to me last time I was here the UNK bellowed out smoke as it might have been preparing us for hell '' . 
 `` We found some UNK had built a nest in the chimney , UNK , but I promise you you'll never have trouble of that sort again '' . 
 So , not only had he been here before , but it seemed he might well come again . 
 Claire felt suddenly small and cheap , heroine of a trivial episode in the UNK history of Don Juan . 
 A cold supper was ordered and a bottle of port . 
 When UNK ship had borne him to UNK , French wines had started to cross the Channel , the first shipments in a dozen UNK years , but the supplies had not yet reached rural UNK where the sweet wines of the Spanish peninsula still ruled . 
 As they waited for supper they sat by the fire , glasses in hand , while Byron UNK as much for his own entertainment as hers . 
 `` UNK is UNK '' , he said . 
 `` The great Greek tragedies are concerned with man against Fate , not man against man for the prize of a woman's body . 
 So don't see yourself as a heroine or fancy this little adventure is an event of major importance '' . 
 `` The gods seemed to think sex pretty important '' , she UNK . 
 `` Mars and Venus , UNK and UNK , Jupiter and UNK , Byron and the UNK of the UNK nest . 
 That would be UNK , I suppose . 
 Wasn't the UNK her symbol '' ? ? 
 Byron laughed . 
 `` So you know something of the classics , do you '' ? ? 
 `` Tell me about UNK , how she behaved , what she did to please you '' . 
 `` I'll tell you nothing . 
 I don't ask you who UNK you're being UNK to , husband or lover . 
 UNK , I don't care '' . 
 For a moment she thought of answering with the truth but she knew there were men who UNK away from virginity , who demanded some degree of education in body as well as mind . 
 `` Very well '' , she said , `` I'll not UNK you . 
 What matter the others so long as I have my place in history '' . 
 She was striking the right note . 
 No man ever had a better opinion of himself and indeed , with one so favored , UNK could hardly seem UNK . 
 UNK and beauty , high position in both the social and intellectual worlds , athlete , fabled lover -- if ever the world was any man's oyster it was his . 
 The light supper over , Claire went to him and , slipping an arm about his shoulder , sat on his knee . 
 He drew her close and , hand on cheek , turned her face to his . 
 Her lips , moist and parted , spoke his name . 
 `` Byron '' ! ! 
 His hand went to her shoulder and pushed aside the knotted scarf that UNK the striped UNK gown ; ; 
 then , to better purpose , he took hold of the knot and with UNK fingers , UNK it . 
 The UNK beneath was UNK and , withdrawing his lips from hers , he set her upright on his knee and started to UNK it , UNK as if she were a child . 
 But , UNK by his kiss , his caressing hand , her desire was UNK . 
 She sprang up and went swiftly to the bedroom . 
 Lord Byron poured himself another glass of wine and held it up to the candle flame admiring the rich color . 
 He drank slowly with due appreciation . 
 It was an excellent UNK . 
 He rose and went to the bedroom . 
 UNK in the doorway he said : `` The form of the human female , unlike her mind and her spirit , is the most challenging loveliness in all nature '' . 
 When Claire returned to UNK she longed to tell them she had become Byron's mistress . 
 By odd coincidence , on the evening of her return Shelley chose to read UNK , which was the latest of the titled poet's successes . 
 As he UNK the UNK measures , it was as much as Claire could do to restrain herself from bursting out with her dramatic UNK . 
 `` Although it is not the best of which he is capable '' , said Shelley as he closed the book , `` it is still poetry of a high order '' . 
 `` If he would only leave the East '' , said Mary . 
 `` I am tired of UNK and UNK '' . 
 `` The hero of his next poem is Napoleon UNK '' , said Claire , with slightly UNK UNK . 
 `` How do you know that '' ? ? 
 UNK Mary . 
 `` I was told it on good authority '' , Claire answered UNK . 
 `` I mustn't tell , I mustn't tell '' , she repeated to herself . 
 `` I promised him I wouldn't '' . 
 Chapter 9 
 winter came , and with it Mary's baby -- a boy as she had wished . 
 William , he was called , in honor of the man who was at once Shelley's UNK and his most bitter UNK . 
 With a UNK irony Shelley wrote to the father who had publicly UNK his daughter : 
 `` UNK and Mrs. Godwin will probably be glad to hear that Mary has safely recovered from a very favorable confinement , and that her child is well '' . 
 At the same time another child -- this one of Shelley's brain -- was given to the world : Alastor , a poem of UNK beauty in which the reader may gaze into the still depths of a fine mind's UNK . 
 Alastor was published only to be UNK attacked , UNK ignored . 
 Shelley sent a copy to UNK , a former friend , and another to Godwin . 
 Neither acknowledged the gift . 
 Only Mary's praise sustained him in his disappointment . 
 She understood completely . 
 Not a thought nor a UNK was missed in her summary of appreciation . 
 `` You have made the labor worth while '' , he said to her , smiling . 
 `` And in the future , since I write for a public of one , I can save the poor publishers from wasting their money '' . 
 `` A public of one '' , Mary echoed UNK . 
 `` How can you say such a thing ? ? 
 There will be thousands who will thrill to the loveliness of Alastor . 
 There are some even now . 
 What about that dear , clever Mr. UNK ? ? 
 I am sure he is in UNK '' . 
 `` Poor Mr. UNK , he always has to be trotted out for my encouragement '' . 
 `` There are other Mr. UNK . 
 Not everyone is UNK by Byron's UNK and UNK beauties '' . 
 Mary's UNK attitude toward Byron had nothing to do with his moral UNK . 
 She was UNK of his easy success as compared with Shelley's failure . 
 The same month that Alastor was published , Murray sold twenty thousand copies of The UNK Of UNK , a UNK bit of UNK that even Shelley's generosity rebelled at . 
 The UNK poet was at UNK mark . 
 The careless writing was in keeping with his mood of savage discontent . 
 On all sides doors were being slammed in his face . 
 The previous scandals , gaily UNK as they were , had only served to increase his popularity . 
 Now , under the impact of his wife's disclosures , he was brought suddenly to the realization that there was a limit to tolerance , however brilliant , however UNK the UNK might be . 
 He tried defiance and openly UNK his devotion to his half sister , but he soon saw , as did she , that this course if persisted in would involve them in a common ruin . 
 For the moment there was no woman in his life , and it was this vacuum that had given Claire her opportunity . 
 But the liaison successfully started in the last days of autumn was now UNK . 
 Byron , since the separation from his wife had been living in a UNK house in UNK UNK . 
 He refused to bring Claire to it even as an occasional visitor , claiming that his every move was watched by UNK of the UNK . 
 Beckworth handed the pass to the colonel . 
 He had thought that the suggestion of taking it himself would tip the colonel in the direction of serving his own order , but the slip of paper was folded and absently thrust into the UNK belt . 
 Despite his yearning , the colonel would not go down to see the men come through the lines . 
 He would remain in the tent , waiting impatiently , occupied by some trivial task . 
 -- Beckworth . 
 -- Sir ? ? 
 -- UNK me the copies of everything B and C companies have UNK in the last six months . 
 -- The last six months , sir ? ? 
 -- You heard me . 
 There's a lot of waste going on here . 
 It's got to stop . 
 I want to take a look . 
 This is no damned holiday , Beckworth . 
 Get busy . 
 -- Yes , sir . 
 Beckworth left the tent . 
 Below he could see the bright UNK lighting the UNK . 
 He glanced back . 
 The colonel crouched tensely on one of the UNK chairs , methodically tearing at his UNK . 
 The UNK was a UNK structure of heavy timbers covered with earth . 
 It stood some fifty paces from the edge of the bank . 
 From the outside , it seemed no more than a low UNK , a lump on the dark earth . 
 A crude ladder ran down to a wooden floor . 
 Two UNK enabled observers to watch across the river . 
 The place smelled strongly of rank , fertile earth , UNK wood and UNK . 
 The plank floor was UNK beneath Watson's boots . 
 At least the Union officer had been decent enough to provide a candle . 
 There was no place to sit , but Watson walked slowly from the ladder to the window UNK and back , stooping slightly to avoid striking his head on the heavy beams . 
 In the corner was the soldier with the white flag . 
 He stood stiffly erect , clutching the staff , his body half hidden by the limp cloth . 
 Watson hardly looked at him . 
 The man had come UNK aboard the flat-bottomed barge at the last instant , brandishing the flag of truce . 
 Someone had hauled him over the side , and he had remained silent while they crossed . 
 An officer with a squad of men had been waiting on the bank . 
 The men in the boats had started yelling happily at first sight of the officer , two of them calling him Billy . 
 When the boat had touched , the weaker ones and the two wounded men had been lifted out and carried away by the soldiers . 
 Watson had presented his UNK and been led to the UNK . 
 The officer had told him that both lists must be checked . 
 Watson had given his name and asked for a UNK pass . 
 The officer , surprised , said he would have to see . 
 Watson had nodded absently and muttered that he would check the lists himself later . 
 He had peered through the darkness at the UNK . 
 The men he would take back across the river stood there , but he turned away from them . 
 He wanted no part of the emotions of the exchange , no memory of the joy and gratitude that other men felt . 
 He had hoped to be alone in the UNK , but the soldier had followed him . 
 Though Watson carefully ignored the man , he could not deny his presence . 
 Perhaps it would be better to speak to him , since silence could not UNK his form . 
 Watson glanced briefly at him , seeing only a body rigidly erect behind the languid banner . 
 -- We won't be too long . 
 If my pass is approved , I may be a half hour . 
 The soldier answered in a curious , muffled voice , his lips barely moving . 
 Watson turned away and did not see the man's knees buckle and his body sag . 
 -- Yes , sir . 
 He had acknowledged the man . 
 It was easier to think now , Watson decided . 
 The stiff figure in the corner no longer blocked his thoughts . 
 He paced slowly , stooping , staring at the damp , slippery floor . 
 He tried to order the words of the three Union officers , seeking to create some coherent portrait of the dead boy . 
 But he groped blindly . 
 His lack of success steadily eroded his interest . 
 He stopped pacing , leaned against the UNK , UNK wall and let his mind drift . 
 A feeling of futility , an UNK of mind greater than any fatigue he had ever known , UNK through him . 
 What in the name of God was he doing , crouched in a UNK pit on the wrong bank of the river ? ? 
 Why had he crossed the dark water , to bring back a group of UNK soldiers or to UNK in a UNK hole ? ? 
 He grew annoyed and at the same time surprised at that emotion . 
 He was conscious of a growing sense of absurdity . 
 UNK had written it all out , hadn't he ? ? 
 Wasn't the report official enough ? ? 
 What did he hope to accomplish here ? ? 
 UNK had ordered him not to leave the far bank . 
 UNK by a guilty urge , he had disobeyed the order of a man he respected . 
 For what ? ? 
 To tell John something he would find out for himself . 
 The figure in the corner belched loudly , a deep , liquid UNK . 
 Watson snorted and then laughed aloud . 
 UNK ! ! 
 The UNK voice was muffled again , stricken with chagrin . 
 He clutched the staff , and his dark eyes blinked apologetically . 
 -- UNK me , sir . 
 -- Let's get out of here . 
 Watson ran up the ladder and stood for a second sucking in the cool air that smelled of mud and river weeds . 
 To his left , the two skiffs UNK their sharp UNK into the soft bank . 
 The flat-bottomed boat swung slowly to the pull of the current . 
 A soldier held the end of a UNK rope . 
 Three Union guards appeared , carrying their rifles at ready . 
 Watson stared at them curiously . 
 They were UNK men , well fed and UNK , with neat uniforms and sturdy boots . 
 Behind them UNK a long column of weak , tattered men . 
 The thin gray figures raised a hoarse , UNK cry like the call of a bird flock . 
 They moved toward the skiffs with shocking UNK , UNK and shoving . 
 Four men were knocked down , but did not attempt to rise . 
 They crept down the muddy slope toward the waiting boats . 
 The Union soldiers grounded arms and settled into healthy , indifferent UNK to watch the feeble boarding of the skiffs . 
 The crawling men tried to rise and fell again . 
 No one moved to them . 
 Watson watched two of them UNK into the shallow water and listened to their voices beg UNK . 
 In a confused , soaked and stumbling shift of bodies and lifting arms , the two men were dragged into the same skiff . 
 The third crawling man forced himself erect . 
 He swayed like a UNK , his arms milling in slow circles . 
 He paced forward UNK , leaning too far back , his head tilted oddly . 
 His steps were short and stiff , and , with his head thrown back , his progress was a UNK UNK . 
 He appeared to be peering UNK down his nose at the crowded and unclean vessel that would carry him to freedom . 
 He stalked into the water and fell heavily over the side of the flat-bottomed barge , his weight nearly UNK the craft . 
 Watson looked for the fourth man . 
 He had reached the three passive guards ; ; 
 he crept in an UNK manner , patting the ground before him . 
 The guards did not look at him . 
 The figure on the earth halted , seemingly bewildered . 
 He sank back on his thin haunches like a weary hound . 
 Then he began to crawl again . 
 Watson watched the creeping figure . 
 He felt a spectator interest . 
 Would the man make it or not ? ? 
 If only there was a clock for him to crawl against . 
 If he failed to reach the UNK in five minutes , say , then the skiffs would pull away and leave him groping in the mud . 
 Say three minutes to make it sporting . 
 Still the guards did not move , but stood inert , aloof from the UNK man . 
 The figure halted , and Watson gasped . 
 The man began to creep in the wrong direction , deceived by a slight rise in the ground ! ! 
 He turned slowly and began to crawl back up the bank toward the UNK . 
 Watson raced for him , his boots slamming the soft earth . 
 The guards came to life with astonishing menace . 
 They spun and flung their rifles up . 
 Watson UNK wildly . 
 One man dropped to his knee for better aim . 
 -- Let me help him , for the love of God ! ! 
 The guards lowered their rifles and their rifles and peered at Watson with sullen , puzzled faces . 
 Watson pounded to the crawling man and stopped , panting heavily . 
 He reached down and closed his fingers on the man's upper arm . 
 Beneath his clutch , a flat strip of muscle surged on the bone . 
 Watson bent UNK and lifted the man to his feet . 
 Watson stared into a UNK face . 
 Two UNK balls the color of UNK rolled between fiery lids . 
 Light sticks of fingers , the tips UNK with dark earth , patted at Watson's throat . 
 The man's voice was a sweet , patient whisper . 
 -- Henry said that he'd take my arm and get me right there . 
 But you ain't Henry . 
 -- no . 
 -- It don't matter . 
 Is it far ? ? 
 How far could it be , Watson thought UNK , how far can a blind man crawl ? ? 
 Another body length or all the rest of his UNK life ? ? 
 -- Not far . 
 -- You talk deep . 
 Not like us UNK . 
 It raises the voice , UNK in camp . 
 You UNK ? ? 
 -- yes . 
 Come on , now . 
 Can you walk ? ? 
 -- Why , course I can . 
 I can walk real good . 
 Watson stumbled down the bank . 
 The man leaned his frail body against Watson's shoulder . 
 He was no heavier than a child . 
 Watson paused for breath . 
 The man UNK UNK , his UNK breath beating softly against Watson's neck . 
 His sweet whisper came after great effort . 
 -- Oh , Christ . 
 I wish you was Henry . 
 He promised to take me . 
 -- UNK . 
 We're almost there . 
 Watson supported the man to the edge of the bank and passed the frail figure over the bow of the nearest skiff . 
 The man swayed on a UNK , turning his ruined eyes from side to side . 
 Watson turned away , sickened for the first time in many months . 
 He heard the patient voice calling . 
 -- Henry ? ? 
 Where are you , Henry ? ? 
 -- Make him lie down ! ! 
 Watson snatched a deep breath . 
 He had not meant to shout . 
 He stood with his back to the skiff . 
 The men UNK and scratched , begging to be taken away . 
 Watson spoke UNK to the dark night UNK with UNK UNK . 
 -- Goddamn you ! ! 
 What do you do to them ? ? 
 Intelligence UNK at him UNK . 
 He was angry , sickened . 
 He had not felt that during the afternoon . 
 No , nor later . 
 All his emotions had been inward , self-conscious . 
 In war , on a night like this , it was only the outward emotions that mattered , what could be flung out into the darkness to damage others . 
 Yes . 
 That was it . 
 He was sure of it . 
 John's type of man allowed this sort of thing to happen . 
 What a fool he had been to think of his brother ! ! 
 So Charles was dead . 
 What did it matter ? ? 
 His name had been crossed off a list . 
 Already his cool body lay in the ground . 
 What words had any meaning ? ? 
 What had he thought of , to go to John , UNK and beg understanding ? ? 
 To confess with a canvas chair as a UNK , UNK at his heart until a rough and stupid hand UNK him rise and go ? ? 
 Men were UNK every day , tumbled into eternity like so many torn UNK flung down a portable UNK . 
 What made him think John had a right to witness his brother's humiliation ? ? 
 What right had John to any special consideration ? ? 
 Was John better , more UNK ? ? 
 To hell with John . 
 Let him UNK with impatience to see Charles , rip open the note with trembling hands and read the formal report in UNK beautiful , UNK hand . 
 John would curse . 
 He believed that brave boys didn't cry . 
 Watson spat on the ground . 
 He was grimly satisfied . 
 He had UNK thought himself compelled to ease his brother's pain . 
 Now he knew perfectly that he had but longed to increase his own suffering . 
 I would not want to be one of those writers who begin each morning by exclaiming , `` O UNK , O UNK , O UNK and Dickens , what would you have made of a bomb shelter UNK with four UNK ducks , a UNK , and three composition UNK with long beards and red UNK '' ? ? 
 As I say , I wouldn't want to begin a day like this , but I often wonder what the dead would have done . 
 But the shelter is as much a part of my landscape as the UNK and UNK trees that grow on the ridge . 
 I can see it from this window where I write . 
 It was built by the UNK , and stands on the acre of ground that UNK our property . 
 It UNK under a veil of thin , new grass , like some embarrassing fact of UNK , and I think Mrs. Pastern set out the UNK to soften its meaning . 
 It would have been like her . 
 She was a pale woman . 
 Sitting on her terrace , sitting in her parlor , sitting anywhere , she ground an axe of self-esteem . 
 UNK her a cup of tea and she would say , `` Why , these cups look just like a set I gave to the Salvation Army last year '' . 
 Show her the new swimming pool and she would say , slapping her ankle , `` I suppose this must be where you breed your gigantic UNK '' . 
 Hand her a chair and she would say , `` Why , it's a nice imitation of those Queen Anne chairs I inherited from UNK UNK '' . 
 These UNK were more touching than they were anything else , and seemed to imply that the nights were long , her children UNK , and her marriage UNK UNK . 
 Twenty years ago , she would have been known as a golf widow , and the sum of her manner was perhaps one of bereavement . 
 She usually wore weeds , and a stranger watching her board a train might have guessed that Mr. Pastern was dead , but Mr. Pastern was far from dead . 
 He was marching up and down the locker room of the UNK UNK Golf Club shouting , `` UNK Cuba ! ! 
 UNK Berlin ! ! 
 Let's throw a little nuclear hardware at them and show them who's boss '' . 
 He was brigadier of the club's UNK light infantry , and at one time or another declared war on Russia , Czechoslovakia , Yugoslavia , and China . 
 It all began on an autumn afternoon -- and who , after all these centuries , can describe the UNK of an autumn day ? ? 
 One might pretend never to have seen one before , or , to more purpose , that there would never be another like it . 
 The clear and searching sweep of sun on the lawns was like a climax of the year's lights . 
 UNK were burning somewhere and the smoke smelled , for all its UNK UNK , of beginnings . 
 The UNK blue air was stretched over the UNK like the skin of a drum . 
 Leaving her house one late afternoon , Mrs. Pastern stopped to admire the October light . 
 It was the day to UNK for infectious UNK . 
 Mrs. Pastern had been given sixteen names , a bundle of literature , and a printed book of receipts . 
 It was her work to go among her neighbors and collect their checks . 
 Her house stood on a rise of ground , and before she got into her car she looked at the houses below . 
 UNK as she knew it was complex and reciprocal , and almost every roof she saw UNK charity . 
 Mrs. UNK worked for the brain . 
 Mrs. Ten UNK did mental health . 
 Mrs. UNK worked for the blind . 
 Mrs. UNK was in charge of diseases of the nose and throat . 
 Mrs. UNK was tuberculosis , Mrs. UNK was UNK March of UNK , Mrs. UNK was cancer , and Mrs. UNK did the kidney . 
 Mrs. UNK led the UNK league , Mrs. UNK was UNK , and way in the distance could be seen the slate roof of UNK UNK house , a roof that UNK UNK . 
 Mrs. Pastern undertook the work of going from house to house with the UNK resignation of an honest and traditional laborer . 
 It was her destiny ; ; 
 it was her life . 
 Her mother had done it before her , and even her old grandmother , who had collected money for UNK and unwed mothers . 
 Mrs. Pastern had telephoned most of her neighbors in advance , and most of them were ready for her . 
 She experienced none of the suspense of some poor stranger selling UNK . 
 Here and there she stayed to visit and drink a glass of sherry . 
 The contributions were ahead of what she had got the previous year , and while the money , of course , was not hers , it excited her to stuff her UNK with big checks . 
 She stopped at the UNK after dusk , and had a UNK . 
 She stayed too late , and when she left , it was dark and time to go home and cook supper for her husband . 
 `` I got a hundred and sixty dollars for the UNK fund '' , she said excitedly when he walked in . 
 `` I did everybody on my list but the UNK and the UNK . 
 I want to get my UNK in tomorrow morning -- would you mind doing them while I cook the dinner '' ? ? 
 `` But I don't know the UNK '' , Charlie Pastern said . 
 `` Nobody does , but they gave me ten last year '' . 
 He was tired , he had his business worries , and the sight of his wife arranging pork UNK in the UNK only seemed like an extension of a boring day . 
 He was happy enough to take the convertible and race up the hill to the UNK , thinking that they might give him a drink . 
 But the UNK were away ; ; 
 their maid gave him an envelope with a check in it and shut the door . 
 Turning in at the UNK driveway , he tried to remember if he had ever met them . 
 The name encouraged him , because he always felt that he could handle the Irish . 
 There was a glass UNK in the front door , and through this he could see into a hallway where a plump woman with red hair was arranging flowers . 
 `` UNK UNK '' , he shouted heartily . 
 She took a good look at herself in the mirror before she turned and , walking with very small steps , started toward the door . 
 `` Oh , please come in '' , she said . 
 The girlish voice was nearly a whisper . 
 She was not a girl , he could see . 
 Her hair was dyed , and her bloom was fading , and she must have been crowding forty , but she seemed to be one of those women who cling to the manners and graces of a pretty child of eight . 
 `` Your wife just called '' , she said , separating one word from another , exactly like a child . 
 `` And I am not sure that I have any cash -- any money , that is -- but if you will wait just a minute I will write you out a check if I can find my checkbook . 
 UNK you step into the living room , where it's UNK '' ? ? 
 A fire had just been lighted , he saw , and things had been set out for drinks , and , like any stray , his response to these comforts was instantaneous . 
 Where was Mr. Flannagan , he wondered . 
 UNK home on a late train ? ? 
 Changing his clothes upstairs ? ? 
 Taking a shower ? ? 
 At the end of the room there was a desk heaped with papers , and she began to UNK these , making UNK and and noises of girlish exasperation . 
 `` I am terribly sorry to keep you waiting '' , she said , `` but won't you make yourself a little drink while you wait ? ? 
 UNK on the table '' . 
 `` What train does Mr. Flannagan come out on '' ? ? 
 `` Mr. Flannagan is away '' , she said . 
 Her voice dropped . 
 `` Mr. Flannagan has been away for six weeks . 
 '' 
 `` I'll have a drink , then , if you'll have one with me '' . 
 `` If you will promise to make it weak '' . 
 `` UNK down '' , he said , `` and enjoy your drink and look for your checkbook later . 
 The only way to find things is to relax '' . 
 All in all , they had six drinks . 
 She described herself and her circumstances UNK . 
 Mr. Flannagan manufactured plastic tongue UNK . 
 He travelled all over the world . 
 She didn't like to travel . 
 UNK made her feel faint , and in Tokyo , where she had gone that summer , she had been given raw fish for breakfast and so she had come straight home . 
 She and her husband had formerly lived in New York , where she had many friends , but Mr. Flannagan thought the country would be safer in case of war . 
 She would rather live in danger than die of loneliness and boredom . 
 She had no children ; ; 
 she had made no friends . 
 `` I've seen you , though , before '' , she said with enormous UNK , patting his knee . 
 `` I've seen you walking your dogs on Sunday and driving by in the convertible . 
 '' 
 The thought of this lonely woman sitting at her window touched him , although he was even more touched by her plumpness . 
 UNK plumpness , he knew , is not a vital part of the body and has no UNK functions . 
 It serves merely as an excess cushion for the rest of the carcass . 
 And knowing its humble place in the scale of things , why did he , at this time of life , seem almost ready to sell his soul for plumpness ? ? 
 The remarks she made about the sufferings of a lonely woman seemed so broad at first that he didn't know what to make of them , but after the sixth drink he put his arm around her and suggested that they go upstairs and look for her checkbook there . 
 `` I've never done this before '' , she said later , when he was arranging himself to leave . 
 Her voice shook with feeling , and he thought it lovely . 
 He didn't doubt her UNK , although he had heard the words a hundred times . 
 `` I've never done this before '' , they always said , shaking their dresses down over their white shoulders . 
 `` I've never done this before '' , they always said , waiting for the elevator in the hotel corridor . 
 `` I've never done this before '' , they always said , pouring another whiskey . 
 `` I've never done this before '' , they always said , putting on their stockings . 
 On ships at sea , on railroad trains , in summer hotels with mountain views , they always said , `` I've never done this before '' . 
 `` Where have you been '' ? ? 
 Mrs. Pastern asked sadly , when he came in . 
 `` It's after eleven '' . 
 `` I had a drink with the UNK '' . 
 `` She told me he was in Germany '' . 
 `` He came home unexpectedly '' . 
 Charlie ate some supper in the kitchen and went into the TV room to hear the news . 
 `` UNK them '' ! ! 
 He shouted . 
 `` UNK a little nuclear hardware at them ! ! 
 Show them who's boss '' ! ! 
 But in bed he had trouble sleeping . 
 He thought first of his son and daughter , away at college . 
 He loved them . 
 It was the only meaning of the word that he had ever known . 
 Then he played nine imaginary holes of golf , choosing his handicap , his irons , his stance , his opponents , and his weather in detail , but the green of the links seemed faded in the light of his business worries . 
 His money was tied up in a Nassau hotel , an Ohio pottery works , and a detergent for UNK , and luck had been running against him . 
 His worries UNK him up out of bed , and he lighted a cigarette and went to the window . 
 In the UNK he could see the trees stripped of their leaves . 
 During the summer he had tried to repair some of his losses at the track , and the bare trees reminded him that his UNK tickets would still be lying , like leaves , in the UNK near UNK and Saratoga . 
 UNK and ash , UNK and UNK , one hundred to win on Three in the fourth , fifty to win on Six in the third , one hundred to win on Two in the eighth . 
 Children walking home from school would UNK through what seemed to be his foliage . 
 Then , getting back into bed , he thought UNK of Mrs. Flannagan , planning where they would next meet and what they would do . 
 There are , he thought , so few true means of UNK in this life that why should he UNK the medicine even when the medicine seemed , as it did , a little crude ? ? 
 It was not as though she noted clearly that her nephews had not been to see her for ten years , not since their last journey eastward to witness their Uncle UNK being lowered into the rocky soil ; ; 
 that aside from due UNK of certain major events in their lives ( two marriages , two births , one divorce ) , Christmas and Easter cards of the traditional sort had been the only thin link she had with them through the widowed years . 
 Her thoughts were not discrete . 
 But there was a look about her mouth as though she were UNK UNK . 
 She grasped the chair arms and brought her thin body upright , like a bird alert for flight . 
 She turned and walked stiffly into the parlor to the UNK UNK , UNK and cracked now from fifty years in an atmosphere of sea spray . 
 There she extracted two limp UNK sheets and wrote off the letters , one to Abel , one to Mark . 
 Once her trembling hand , with the pen grasped tight in it , was pressed against the paper the words came sharply , smoothly , as UNK as they would dropping from her own lips . 
 And the stiffly UNK look of them , she saw grimly , lacked the UNK of age which , UNK the efforts of her amazing will , ran through her spoken words like a thin ragged string . 
 `` Please come down as soon as you conveniently can '' , the upright letters stalked from the UNK pen , `` I have an important matter to discuss with you '' . 
 To Abel : `` I am afraid there is not much to UNK small children here . 
 I should be obliged if you could make other arrangements for your daughters . 
 You may stay as long as you wish , of course , but if arranging for the care of the girls must take time into account , I think a day or two should be enough to finish our business in '' . 
 To Mark : `` Please give my regards to Myra '' . 
 She signed the letters quickly , stamped them , and placed them on the hall table for Raphael to mail in town . 
 Then she went back to the wicker chair and UNK adjusted her eyes to the glare on the water . 
 `` My nephews will be coming down '' , she said that evening as Angelina brought her dinner into the dining room , the whole meal on a vast UNK tray . 
 She looked at the girl UNK from eyes which had UNK with the years ; ; 
 from the early evening lights of them which had first startled UNK to look at her in an UNK way , they had faded to a UNK of color which had , possibly from her constant looking at the water , something of the light of the sea in them . 
 Angelina placed the tray on the table and with a UNK of dark wrist drew off the cloth . 
 She smiled , and the teeth gleamed in her beautifully UNK olive face . 
 `` That will be so nice for you , Mrs. Packard '' , she said . 
 Her voice was ripe and full and her teeth flashed again in UNK brilliance before the warm curved lips met and her mouth settled in UNK . 
 `` UNK '' , said the old lady , and brought her eyes down to the tray . 
 `` You remember them , I suppose '' ? ? 
 She UNK suspiciously at the dish before her : `` UNK . 
 I hope Raphael bought them whole '' . 
 Angelina stepped back , her eyes UNK the tray for UNK . 
 Then she looked at the old woman again , her eyes calm . 
 `` Yes '' , she said , `` I remember that they came here every summer . 
 I used to play with the older one sometimes , when he'd let me . 
 Abel '' ? ? 
 The name fell with lazy affectionate UNK from her lips . 
 For an instant the old aunt felt something UNK flash through her smile . 
 She would have said triumph . 
 Then Angelina turned and with an easy grace walked toward the kitchen . 
 Jessica Packard lifted her head and followed the retreating figure , her eyes resting nearly closed on the UNK rise and fall of the rounded hips . 
 For a moment she held her face to the empty doorway ; ; 
 then she snorted and groped for her fork . 
 There's no greater catastrophe in the universe , she reflected UNK , UNK tender green beans on the silver fork , than the dwindling away of a family . 
 UNK , expansion , proliferation -- these are the laws of living things , with the penalty for not UNK them the ultimate in UNK : UNK . 
 When the fate of the individual is visited on the group , then ( the warm sweet butter dripped from her raised trembling fork and she pushed her head forward UNK ) , ah , then the true bitterness of existence could be tasted . 
 And indeed the young garden beans were UNK in her mouth . 
 She was the last living of the older generation . 
 What had once been a widespread family -- at one time , she knew , there were enough UNK to UNK an entire county -- had now narrowed down to the two boys , Abel and Mark . 
 She swung her eyes up to the blue of the window , her jaws gently UNK the bitter beans . 
 What hope lay in the nephews , she asked the UNK light out there , with one married to a barren woman and the other divorced , having UNK two girl children , with none to bear on the Packard name ? ? 
 She ate . 
 It seemed to her , as it seemed each night , that the gloom drew itself in and became UNK at the UNK empty chairs , giving her the frequent illusion that she UNK with shadows . 
 Here , too , she talked low , UNK her head at one or another of the places , most often at UNK armchair which faced her across the long table . 
 Or it might have been the absent nephews she addressed , consciously playing with the notion that this was one of the summers of their early years . 
 She thought again of her children , those two who had died young , before the later science which might have saved them could attach even a label to their separate UNK . 
 The girl , her first , she barely remembered . 
 It could have been anyone's infant , for it had not survived the UNK . 
 But the boy the boy had been alive yesterday . 
 Each successive movement in his growing was recorded on the UNK film inside her . 
 He ran on his plump sticks of legs , freezing now and again into the sudden startled attitudes which the camera had caught and held on the UNK photographs , all carefully placed and glued and labeled , resting in the fat UNK album in the bottom drawer of the UNK . 
 In the cruel UNK of her memory the boy remained unchanged , quick with the delight of laughter , and the pain with which she recalled that short destroyed childhood was still UNK to her . 
 It was one with the desolate rocks and the alien water on those days when she hated the sea . 
 The brothers drove down together in UNK small red sports car , Mark at the wheel . 
 They rarely spoke . 
 Abel sat and regarded the farm country which , spreading out from both sides of the road , rolled UNK up to where the silent white houses and long barns and UNK nested into the UNK fields . 
 He saw the land with a UNK eyes , all the old UNK gone . 
 And it presented itself to him as it would to any stranger , UNK , complete in itself . 
 There was stability there , too -- a color which his life had had once . 
 That is what childhood is , he told himself . 
 Solid , settled lost . 
 In the stiff neutral lines of the telephone poles he saw the UNK pen strokes of Aunt UNK letter . 
 What bad grace , what incredible UNK he and Mark had shown . 
 The boyhood summers preceding their UNK funeral might never have been . 
 They had closed over , absolutely , with the sealing of old UNK grave . 
 The small car flew on relentlessly . 
 The old woman , UNK UNK in the house above the crashing waters took on an ominous reality . 
 Abel moved and adjusted his long legs . 
 `` I suppose it has to do with the property '' , Mark had said over the telephone when they had discussed their receipt of the letters . 
 Not until the words had been spoken did Abel suddenly see the old house and the insistent sea , and feel his UNK UNK out in one UNK moment of UNK . 
 He and Mark were the last of the family , and there lay the Cape Ann property which had seemed to have no end , stretching from horizon to horizon , in those golden days of summer . 
 Now Abel turned his head to look at his brother . 
 Mark held the wheel loosely , but his fingers curved around it in a UNK way and the deliberate set of his body spoke plainly of the figure he'd make in the years to come . 
 His sandy hair was already beginning to thin and UNK at the sides , and Abel looked quickly away . 
 Mark easily looked years older than himself , settled , his world comfortably UNK . 
 The vacation traffic was becoming heavier as they approached the sea . 
 `` She didn't mention bringing Myra '' , Mark said , maneuvering the car into the next lane . 
 `` She's probably getting old -- UNK , I mean -- and we figured UNK , better not . 
 They've never met , you know . 
 But Myra wouldn't UNK without an express invitation . 
 I feel kind of bad about it '' . 
 He gave Abel a quick glance and moved closer to the wheel , hugging it to him , and Abel caught this UNK of allusions to guilt . 
 `` I imagine the old girl hasn't missed us much '' , Mark added , his eyes on the road . 
 Abel ignored the UNK bid for confirmation . 
 He smiled . 
 It was barely possible that his brother was right . 
 He could tell they were approaching the sea . 
 The air took on a special strength now that they'd left the UNK warmth of the UNK behind . 
 There was the smell of the coast , like a primeval memory , composed of equal parts salt water , UNK , UNK and northern air . 
 He turned from the flying trees to look ahead and saw with an inward boy's eye again the great UNK house which , built on one of the many acres of ancestral land bordering the west harbor , had been UNK UNK to his UNK as the last century ended . 
 UNK thoughts must have been keeping silent pace beside his own , climbing the same UNK in dirty white UNK , UNK out on top of the UNK and coming upon the sudden glinting water at the same instant . 
 `` Remember the Starbird ? ? 
 '' Mark asked , and Abel lifted his eyes from the double lines in the middle of the road , the twin white ribbons which the car swallowed rapidly as it UNK the crest of the hill and came down . 
 `` The Starbird , '' Abel said . 
 There was the day Uncle UNK had , in an unexpected UNK gesture , handed over the pretty UNK to Abel for keeps , on condition that he never fail to let his brother accompany him whenever younger the boy wished . 
 The two of them had developed into a remarkable sailing team all of this happening in a time of their lives when their youth and their brotherhood knitted them together as no other time or circumstance could . 
 They seemed then to have had a single mind and body , a UNK which had been accepted with the fact of their youth , casually . 
 He saw the Starbird as she lay , her slender mast up and gently turning , its point describing constant languid circles against a UNK sky . 
 Both of them had known the feeling of the small life in her waiting , ready , for the two of them to run up her UNK . 
 The Starbird had been long at the bottom of the bay . 
 They came unexpectedly upon the sea . 
 Meeting it without preparation as they did , robbed of anticipation , a common disappointment seized them . 
 They were climbing the hill in the night when the headlights abruptly UNK solid blackness , became two parallel luminous tubes which broadened out into a faint mist of light and ended . 
 Mark stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water , which , there being no moon out , at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars . 
 His eyes were old and they never saw well , but heated with whisky they'd glare at my noise , growing red and raising up his rage . 
 I decided I hated the Pedersen kid too , dying in our kitchen while I was away where I couldn't watch , dying just to entertain Hans and making me go up snapping steps and down a UNK hall , Pa UNK under the covers at the end like UNK covered with snow , snoring and whistling . 
 Oh he'd not care about the Pedersen kid . 
 He'd not care about getting UNK so he could give up some of his whisky to a slit of a kid and maybe lose one of his hiding places in the bargain . 
 That would make him mad enough if he was sober . 
 I didn't hurry though it was cold and the Pedersen kid was in the kitchen . 
 He was all UNK up like I thought he'd be . 
 I pushed at his shoulder , calling his name . 
 I think his name stopped the snoring but he didn't move except to roll a little when I shoved him . 
 The covers slid down his skinny neck so I saw his head , UNK like a UNK gone to seed , but his face was turned to the wall -- there was the pale shadow of his nose on the plaster -- and I thought , Well you don't look much like a UNK UNK now . 
 I couldn't be sure he was still asleep . 
 He was a UNK sonofabitch . 
 I shook him a little harder and made some noise . 
 `` UNK '' , I said . 
 I was leaning too far over . 
 I knew better . 
 He always slept close to the wall so you had to lean to reach him . 
 Oh he was smart . 
 It put you off . 
 I knew better but I was thinking of the Pedersen kid UNK in all that dough . 
 When his arm came up I ducked away but it caught me on the side of the neck , watering my eyes , and I backed off to cough . 
 Pa was on his side , looking at me , his eyes winking , the hand that had hit me a fist in the pillow . 
 `` Get the hell out of here '' . 
 I didn't say anything , trying to get my throat clear , but I watched him . 
 He was like a mean horse to come at from the rear . 
 It was better , though , he'd hit me . 
 He was bitter when he missed . 
 `` Get the hell out of here '' . 
 `` Big Hans sent me . 
 He told me to wake you '' . 
 `` A fat hell on Big Hans . 
 Get out of here '' . 
 `` He found the Pedersen kid by the crib '' . 
 `` Get the hell out '' . 
 Pa pulled at the covers . 
 He was UNK his mouth . 
 `` The kid's froze good . 
 Hans is rubbing him with snow . 
 He's got him in the kitchen '' . 
 `` Pedersen '' ? ? 
 `` No , Pa . 
 It's the Pedersen kid . 
 The kid '' . 
 `` Nothing to steal from the crib '' . 
 `` Not stealing , Pa . 
 He was just lying there . 
 Hans found him froze . 
 That's where he was when Hans found him '' . 
 Pa laughed . 
 `` I ain't hid nothing in the crib '' . 
 `` You don't understand , Pa . 
 The Pedersen kid . 
 The kid '' -- 
 `` I goddamn well understand '' . 
 Pa had his head up , glaring , his teeth gnawing at the place where he'd grown a mustache once . 
 `` I goddamn well understand . 
 You know I don't want to see Pedersen . 
 That cock . 
 Why should I ? ? 
 What did he come for , hey ? ? 
 God UNK , get . 
 And don't come back . 
 Find out something . 
 You're a fool . 
 Both you and Hans . 
 Pedersen . 
 That cock . 
 Don't come back . 
 Out . 
 Out '' . 
 He was shouting and breathing hard and closing his fist on the pillow . 
 He had long black hairs on his wrist . 
 They curled around the UNK of his UNK . 
 `` Big Hans made me come . 
 Big Hans said '' -- 
 `` A fat hell on Big Hans . 
 He's an even bigger fool than you are . 
 UNK , hey ? ? 
 I taught him , UNK , and I'll teach you . 
 Out . 
 You want me to drop my pot '' ? ? 
 He was about to get up so I got out , slamming the door . 
 He was beginning to see he was too mad to sleep . 
 Then he threw things . 
 Once he went after Hans and dumped his pot over the banister . 
 UNK been UNK in that pot . 
 Hans got an axe . 
 He didn't even bother to wipe himself off and he UNK part of Pa's door down before he stopped . 
 He might not have gone that far if Pa hadn't been locked in laughing fit to shake the house . 
 That pot put Pa in an awful good humor whenever he thought of it . 
 I always felt the memory was present in both of them , stirring in their chests like a laugh or a growl , as eager as an animal to be out . 
 I heard Pa cursing all the way downstairs . 
 Hans had laid steaming towels over the kid's chest and stomach . 
 He was rubbing snow on the kid's legs and feet . 
 Water from the snow and water from the towels had run off the kid to the table where the dough was , and the dough was turning UNK , sticking to the kid's back and behind . 
 `` Ain't he going to wake up '' ? ? 
 `` What about your UNK '' ? ? 
 `` He was awake when I left '' . 
 `` UNK he say ? ? 
 Did you get the whisky '' ? ? 
 `` He said a fat hell on Big Hans '' . 
 `` Don't be smart . 
 Did you ask him about the whisky '' ? ? 
 `` Yeah '' . 
 `` Well '' ? ? 
 `` He said a fat hell on Big Hans '' . 
 `` Don't be smart . 
 What's he going to do '' ? ? 
 `` Go back to sleep most likely '' . 
 `` You'd best get that whisky '' . 
 `` You go . 
 Take the axe . 
 Pa's scared to hell of axes '' . 
 `` Listen to me , Jorge , I've had enough to your UNK . 
 This kid's froze bad . 
 If I don't get some whisky down him he might die . 
 You want the kid to die ? ? 
 Do you ? ? 
 Well , get your UNK and get that whisky '' . 
 `` Pa don't care about the kid '' . 
 `` Jorge '' . 
 `` Well he don't . 
 He don't care at all , and I don't care to get my head UNK neither . 
 He don't care , and I don't care to have his UNK flung on me . 
 He don't care about anybody . 
 All he cares about is his whisky and that dry crack in his face . 
 Get UNK -- that's what he wants . 
 He don't care about nothing else at all . 
 Nothing . 
 Not UNK kid neither . 
 That cock . 
 Not the kid neither '' . 
 `` I'll get the spirits '' , Ma said . 
 I'd wound Big Hans up tight . 
 I was ready to jump but when Ma said she'd get the whisky it surprised him like it surprised me , and he ran down . 
 Ma never went near the old man when he was sleeping it off . 
 Not any more . 
 Not for years . 
 The first thing every morning when she washed her face she could see the scar on her chin where he'd cut her with a boot UNK , and maybe she saw him heaving it again , the dirty sock popping out as it flew . 
 It should have been nearly as easy for her to remember that as it was for Big Hans to remember going after the axe while he was still UNK with Pa's yellow sick insides . 
 `` No you won't '' , Big Hans said . 
 `` Yes , Hans , if they're needed '' , Ma said . 
 Hans shook his head but neither of us tried to stop her . 
 If we had , then one of us would have had to go instead . 
 Hans rubbed the kid with more snow rubbed rubbed . 
 `` I'll get more snow '' , I said . 
 I took the pail and shovel and went out on the porch . 
 I don't know where Ma went . 
 I thought she'd gone upstairs and expected to hear she had . 
 She had surprised Hans like she had surprised me when she said she'd go , and then she surprised him again when she came back so quick like she must have , because when I came in with the snow she was there with a bottle with three white feathers on its label and Hans was holding it angrily by the throat . 
 Oh , he was being queer and careful , UNK about in the drawer and holding the bottle like a snake at the length of his arm . 
 He was awful angry because he'd thought Ma was going to do something big , something heroic even , especially for her I know him I know him we felt the same sometimes while Ma wasn't thinking about that at all , not anything like that . 
 There was no way of getting even . 
 It wasn't like getting cheated at the fair . 
 They were always trying so you got to expect it . 
 Now Hans had given Ma something of his -- we both had when we thought she was going straight to Pa -- something valuable ; ; 
 but since she didn't know we'd given it to her , there was no easy way of getting it back . 
 Hans cut the foil off finally and UNK the cap . 
 He was put out too because there was only one way of understanding what she'd done . 
 Ma had found one of Pa's hiding places . 
 She'd found one and she hadn't said a word while Big Hans and I had hunted and hunted as we always did all winter , every winter since the spring that Hans had come and I had looked in the UNK and found the first one . 
 Pa had a knack for hiding . 
 He knew we were looking and he enjoyed it . 
 But now Ma . 
 She'd found it by luck most likely but she hadn't said anything and we didn't know how long ago UNK been or how many other ones she'd found , saying nothing . 
 Pa was sure to find out . 
 Sometimes he didn't seem to because he hid them so well he couldn't find them himself or because he looked and didn't find anything and figured he hadn't hid one after all or had drunk it up . 
 But he'd find out about this one because we were using it . 
 A fool could see what was going on . 
 If he found out Ma found it -- UNK be bad . 
 He took pride in his hiding . 
 It was all the pride he had . 
 I guess UNK Hans and me took doing . 
 But he didn't figure Ma for much . 
 He didn't figure her at all , and if he found out a woman UNK be bad . 
 Hans poured some in a UNK . 
 `` You going to put more towels on him '' ? ? 
 `` No '' . 
 `` Why not ? ? 
 That's what he needs , something warm to his skin , don't he '' ? ? 
 `` Not where he's froze good . 
 UNK bad for UNK . 
 That's why I only put towels on his chest and belly . 
 He's got to thaw slow . 
 You ought to know that '' . 
 UNK on the towels had run . 
 Ma poked her toe in the kid's clothes . 
 `` What are we going to do with these '' ? ? 
 Big Hans began pouring whisky in the kid's mouth but his mouth filled without any getting down his throat and in a second it was dripping from his chin . 
 `` Here , help me prop him up . 
 I got hold his mouth open '' . 
 I didn't want to touch him and I hoped Ma would do it but she kept looking at the kid's clothes piled on the floor and the pool of water by them and didn't make any move to . 
 `` Come on , Jorge '' . 
 `` All right '' . 
 `` UNK , don't UNK lift '' . 
 `` O.K. , I'm lifting '' . 
 I took him by the shoulders . 
 His head flopped back . 
 His mouth fell open . 
 The skin on his neck was tight . 
 He was cold all right . 
 `` Hold his head up . 
 He'll choke '' . 
 `` His mouth is open '' . 
 `` His UNK shut . 
 He'll choke '' . 
 `` He'll choke anyway '' . 
 `` Hold his head up '' . 
 `` I can't '' . 
 `` Don't hold him like that . 
 Put your arms around him '' . 
 `` Well Jesus '' . 
 He was cold all right . 
 I put my arm carefully around him . 
 Hans had his fingers in the kid's mouth . 
 `` Now he'll choke for sure '' . 
 `` UNK up . 
 Just hold him like I told you '' . 
 He was cold all right , and wet . 
 I had my arm behind his back . 
 He was in his UNK at this time , long past the establishment of his name and the wish to be UNK yet once again , and it was almost a decade since he had sworn off UNK . 
 There was never a doubt any more how his structures would be received ; ; 
 it was always the same UNK success now . 
 He could no longer build anything , whether a private residence in his Pennsylvania county or a church in Brazil , without it being obvious that he had done it , and while here and there he was taken to task for again developing the same airy technique , they were such UNK and sometimes even UNK buildings that the public felt assured by its sense of recognition after a time , a quality of authentic uniqueness about them , which , once established by an artist as his private vision , is no longer UNK as to its other values . 
 Stowey UNK was internationally famous , a UNK of a genuine Americana in foreign eyes , an original designer whose UNK childishness with steel and concrete was made even more UNK sincere by his personality . 
 He had lived for almost thirty years in this same stone farmhouse with the same wife , a remarkably childish thing in itself ; ; 
 he rose at UNK six every morning , made himself some French coffee , had his corn flakes and more coffee , smoked four cigarettes while reading last Sunday's Herald Tribune and yesterday's Pittsburgh Gazette , then put on his UNK farmer's shoes and walked under a vine UNK to his workshop . 
 This was an enormously long building whose walls were made of rocks , some of them brought home from every continent during his six years as an oil UNK . 
 The debris of his other careers was piled everywhere ; ; 
 a pile of wire UNK for mice from his time as a UNK and a microscope lying on its side on the window sill , vertical steel columns wired for support to the open ceiling beams with UNK steel UNK UNK out into the air , masonry constructions on the floor from the time he was UNK his disastrous fireplace whose smoke would pass through a whole house , visible all the way up through wire UNK on each floor . 
 His files , desk , drafting board and a high stool formed the only clean island in the chaos . 
 Everywhere else his ideas lay or hung in visible form : his models , drawings , UNK canvases in UNK from his painting days , and underfoot a UNK of UNK books that looked as though their insides had been UNK by a maniac . 
 UNK UNK he had once used as the basis of the design for the UNK UNK Company plant hung on a rope in one corner , and over his desk , next to several old and dusty hats , was a clean pair of UNK UNK which he occasionally used up and down in front of his house . 
 He worked standing , with his left hand in his pocket as though he were merely stopping for a moment , sketching with the surprised stare of one who was watching another person's hand . 
 Sometimes he would UNK softly to some invisible UNK beside him , sometimes he would look stern and UNK as his pencil did what he disapproved . 
 It all seemed -- if one could have UNK in at him through one of his windows -- as though this UNK man with the muscular arms and UNK neck was merely the UNK trying his hand at the UNK work . 
 This air of UNK carried over to his apparent attitude toward his things , and people often UNK it for boredom in him or a surrender to UNK routine . 
 But he was not bored at all ; ; 
 he had found his style quite early in his career and he thought it quite wonderful that the world admired it , and he could not imagine why he should alter it . 
 There are , after all , fortunate souls who hear everything , but only know how to listen to what is good for them , and Stowey was , as things go , a fortunate man . 
 He left his home the day after New Year's wearing a UNK and UNK UNK and without a hat . 
 He would wear this same costume in Florida , despite his wife UNK UNK over the past five days that he must take some cool clothes with him . 
 But he was too busy to hear what she was saying . 
 So they parted when she was in an impatient humor . 
 When he was bent over behind the wheel of the station wagon , feeling in his UNK UNK for the ignition key which he had dropped a moment before , she came out of the house with an enormous UNK UNK over her head , which she had bought in that country during one of their trips abroad , and handed him a clean handkerchief through the window . 
 Finding the key under his shoe , he started the engine , and while it warmed up he turned to her standing there in the dripping fog , and said , `` UNK the refrigerator '' . 
 He saw the surprise in her face , and laughed as though it were the UNK expression he had ever seen . 
 He kept on laughing until she started laughing with him . 
 He had a deep voice which was full of good food she had cooked , and good humor ; ; 
 an explosive laugh which always carried everything before it . 
 He would settle himself into his seat to laugh . 
 Whenever he laughed it was all he was doing . 
 And she was made to fall in love with him again there in the UNK dirt driveway standing in the cold fog , mad as she was at his going away when he really didn't have to , mad at their both having got older in a life that seemed to have taken no more than a week to go by . 
 She was UNK at this time , a UNK woman of UNK with an austere , narrow face which had the distinction of a steeple or some architecture that had been designed long ago for a stubborn sort of prayer . 
 Her eyebrows were definite and heavy and formed two lines moving upward toward a high forehead and a great head of brown hair that fell to her shoulders . 
 There was an air of blindness in her gray eyes , the UNK look that ultimately comes to some women who are born at the end of an ancestral line long since divorced from UNK and which , besides , has kept its estate intact . 
 She was personally UNK , and when she had UNK would blow her nose in the same handkerchief all day and keep it , soaking wet , UNK from her waist , and when she UNK she would eat dinner with dirt on her calves . 
 But just when she seemed to have sunk into some UNK of UNK she would disappear and come down bathed , brushed , and taking UNK of air , and even with her broken nails her hands would come to rest on a table or a leaf with a UNK delicacy , a grace of history , so to speak , and for an instant one saw how UNK proud she was and adamant on certain questions of personal value . 
 She even spoke differently when she was clean , and she was clean now for his departure and her voice clear and rather sharp . 
 `` Now drive carefully , for God's sake '' ! ! 
 She called , trying to attain a half humorous resentment at his departure . 
 But he did not notice , and was already backing the car down to the road , saying `` UNK '' ! ! 
 To the UNK of a tree as he passed it , the same UNK which had UNK the car of many a guest in the past thirty years and which he refused to have removed . 
 She stood clutching her UNK around her shoulders until he had swung the car onto the road . 
 Then , when he had it pointed down the hill , he stopped to gaze at her through the window . 
 She had begun to turn back toward the house , but his look caught her and she stood still , waiting there for what his expression indicated would be a serious word of farewell . 
 He looked at her out of himself , she thought , as he did only for an instant at a time , the look which always surprised her even now when his UNK hair was UNK a little and his breath came hard through his UNK lungs , the look of the gaunt youth she had suddenly found herself staring at in the UNK Gallery on a Thursday once . 
 Now she kept herself UNK ready to laugh again and sure enough he pointed at her with his index finger and said `` UNK '' ! ! 
 Once more and roared off into the fog , his foot evidently surprising him with the UNK with which it pressed the accelerator , just as his hand did when he worked . 
 She walked back to the house and entered , feeling herself returning , sensing some kind of opportunity in the empty building . 
 There is a death in all UNK , she knew , and promptly put it out of her mind . 
 She enjoyed great parties when she would sit up talking and dancing and drinking all night , but it always seemed to her that being alone , especially alone in her house , was the UNK part of life . 
 Now she could let out the three UNK without fear they would be stepped on or that Stowey would let them out one of the doors ; ; 
 she could dust the plants , then break off suddenly and pick up an old novel and read from the middle on ; ; 
 UNK UNK on the UNK ; ; 
 and finally , the best part of all , simply sit at the plank table in the kitchen with a bottle of wine and the newspapers , reading the ads as well as the news , registering nothing on her mind but letting her soul UNK itself above all wishing and desire . 
 She did this now , comfortably aware of the mist running down the windows , of the silence outside , of the dark afternoon it was getting to be . 
 She fell asleep leaning on her hand , hearing the house creaking as though it were a living a private life of its own these two hundred years , hearing the birds rustling in their UNK and the occasional UNK of wings as one of them landed on the table and walked across the newspaper to UNK in the UNK of her arm . 
 Every few minutes she would awaken for a moment to review things : Stowey , yes , was on his way south , and the two boys were away in school , and nothing was burning on the stove , and UNK was coming for dinner and bringing three guests of hers . 
 Then she fell asleep again as UNK as a person with fever , and when she awoke it was dark outside and the clarity was back in her eyes . 
 She stood up , UNK her hair down , straightening her clothes , feeling a UNK for the UNK darkness outside , and , above everything else , for the absence of the need to answer , to respond , to be aware even of Stowey coming in or going out , and yet , now that she was beginning to cook , she glimpsed a future without him , a future alone like this , and the pain made her head UNK , and in a moment she found it hard to wait for UNK to come with her guests . 
 She went into the living room and turned on three lamps , then back into the kitchen where she turned on the ceiling light and the switch that lit the floods on the barn , illuminating the driveway . 
 She knew she was feeling afraid and UNK laughed at herself . 
 They were both so young , after all , so UNK for any final parting . 
 How could it have been thirty years already , she wondered ? ? 
 But yes , nineteen plus thirty was UNK , and she was UNK and she had been married at nineteen . 
 She stood still over the leg of lamb , rubbing UNK into it , quite suddenly conscious of a UNK in her stomach and a feeling of wrath , a sensation of violence that started her shivering . 
 But they all said , `` No , your time will come . 
 UNK being a bride while you can '' . 
 There was no room for company in the tiny UNK House ( where the UNK boys always took their UNK , till they could get a house and a farm of their own ) . 
 So when the Big House filled up and ran over , the UNK found beds for everyone in their own homes . 
 And there was still not anything that Linda Kay could do . 
 So Linda Kay gave up asking , and accepted her UNK . 
 Without saying so , she was really grateful ; ; 
 for to attend the dying was something she had never experienced , and certainly had not imagined when she thought of the duties she would have as Bobby Joe's wife . 
 She had made curtains for all the windows of her little house , and she had kept it UNK and neat , shabby as it was , and cooked good meals for Bobby Joe . 
 She had done all the things she had promised herself she would do , but she had not thought of this . 
 People died , she would have said , in hospitals , or in cars on the highway at night . 
 Bobby Joe was gone all day now , not coming in for dinner and sometimes not for supper . 
 When they first married he had been working in the fields all day , and she would get in the car and drive to wherever he was working , to take him a fresh hot meal . 
 Now there was no work in the fields , nor would there be till it rained , and she did not know where he went . 
 Not that she complained , or had any cause to . 
 Four or five of the cousins from East Texas were about his age , so naturally they ran around together . 
 There was no reason for her to ask what they did . 
 Thus a new pattern of days began to develop , for Granny UNK did not die . 
 She lay still on the bed , her head hardly UNK the pillow ; ; 
 sometimes she opened her eyes and looked around , and sometimes she took a little milk or soup . 
 They stopped expecting her to die the next minute , but only in the next day or two . 
 Those who had driven hundreds of miles for the burial would not go home , for she might die any time ; ; 
 but they might as well UNK their suitcases , for she might linger on . 
 So the pattern was established . 
 When Linda Kay had put up her breakfast dishes and mopped her UNK rugs , she would go to the Big House . 
 There was not anything she could do there , but that was where everyone was , or would be . 
 Bobby Joe and the boys would come by , say `` How's Granny '' ? ? 
 And sit on the porch a while . 
 The older men would be there at noon , and maybe rest for a time before they took their guns off to the creek or drove down the road towards town . 
 The women and children stayed at the UNK . 
 The women , keeping their voices low as they worked around the house or sat in the living room , sounded like chickens shut up in a UNK for the night . 
 The children had to play away from the house ( in the barn UNK or the pasture behind the barn ) , to maintain a proper UNK . 
 Off and on , all day , someone would be wiping at the UNK gray dust that settled over everything . 
 The UNK cooler had been moved to UNK room , and her door was kept shut ; ; 
 so that the rest of the house stayed open , though there was a question as to whether it was hotter or cooler that way . 
 The dust UNK their throats , and the heat UNK them , so that the women were always making ice water . 
 They had cleaned up an old ice box and begun to buy UNK blocks of ice in town , as the electric refrigerator came nowhere near providing enough ice for the crowds who ate and drank there . 
 One afternoon , as the women sat UNK softly , a new UNK of people pulled up at the gate . 
 It was a Cadillac , black UNK with the dust of the road , its windows closed tight so you knew that the people who climbed out of it would be cool and UNK . 
 They were an old fat couple ( as Linda Kay described them to herself ) , a thick middle-aged man , and a girl about ten or twelve . 
 There was much embracing , much exclaiming . 
 `` Cousin Ada ! ! 
 Cousin John '' ! ! 
 `` Cousin UNK '' ! ! 
 `` Cousin Howard '' ! ! 
 `` And how is she '' ? ? 
 `` About the same , John , about the same '' . 
 All the women got up and offered their chairs , and when they were all seated again , the guests made their inquiries and their explanations . 
 `` We were on our vacation in Canada '' , Howard explained , in a muffled voice that must have been used to UNK , `` and the news didn't catch up with us till we were nearly home . 
 We came on as soon as we could '' . 
 There was the suggestion of ice water , and -- in spite of the protest `` We're not really thirsty '' -- Linda Kay , to escape the UNK air and the UNK soft voices , hurried to the kitchen . 
 She filled a big pitcher and set it , with glasses , on a tray . 
 UNK it to the living room , she imagined the picture she made : tall and UNK slim , a bit sophisticated in her yellow sheath , with a graceful UNK walk that she had learned as a UNK with the school band . 
 Almost immediately she was ashamed of herself for feeling vain , at such a time , in such a place , and she tossed back her long yellow hair , smiling shyly as she entered the room . 
 Howard ( the thick middle-aged man ) was looking at her . 
 She felt the look and looked back because she could not help it , seeing that he was neither as old nor as thick as she had at first believed . 
 `` And who is this '' ? ? 
 He asked , when she passed him a glass . 
 `` Oh that's Linda Kay '' , Mama UNK said fondly . 
 `` She married our baby boy , Bobby Joe , this summer '' . 
 `` Let's see '' , Cousin Ada said . 
 `` He's a right smart younger than the rest '' ? ? 
 `` Oh yes '' , Mama laughed . 
 `` He's ten years younger than Ernest . 
 We didn't expect him to come along ; ; 
 thought for the longest he was a tumor '' . 
 This joke was not funny to Linda Kay , and she blushed , as she always did ; ; 
 then , hearing the muffled boom of UNK laughter , blushed UNK . 
 `` Who is Howard , anyway '' ? ? 
 She asked Bobby Joe that night . 
 `` He makes me uncomfortable '' . 
 `` Oh he's a second cousin or something . 
 He got in the oil business out at UNK and UNK into some money '' . 
 `` How old is he '' ? ? 
 `` UNK , I don't know . 
 Thirty-five , I guess . 
 He's been married and got this UNK kid . 
 If he UNK you , don't pay him any mind . 
 He's just a big UNK '' . 
 Bobby Joe was thinking about something else . 
 `` Say , did you know they're fixing to have a two-day antelope season on the UNK J '' ? ? 
 He was talking about antelope again when they woke up . 
 `` Listen , I never had a chance to kill an antelope . 
 There never was a season before , but now they want to thin 'em out on account of the UNK '' . 
 `` Did he ever visit here when he was a kid '' ? ? 
 Linda Kay asked . 
 `` Who '' ? ? 
 `` Howard '' . 
 `` Hell , I don't know . 
 When he was a kid I wasn't around '' . 
 Bobby Joe took a gun from behind the door , and with a quick `` UNK now '' was gone for the day . 
 Almost immediately Howard and his daughter UNK drove up in the Cadillac . 
 `` We're going after ice '' , Howard said , `` and thought maybe you'd go along and keep us company '' . 
 There was really no reason to refuse , and Linda Kay had never ridden in a Cadillac . 
 UNK along the UNK road to town , Howard talked . 
 Finally he said , `` Tell me about yourself '' , and Linda Kay told him , because she thought herself that she had had an interesting life . 
 She was such a UNK UNK , having been a UNK , Future Farmers sweetheart , and secretary of Future UNK . 
 In her sophomore year she had started going steady with Bobby Joe , who was a football player , Future UNK sweetheart , and president of Future Farmers . 
 It was easy to see that they were made for each other , and they knew what they wanted . 
 Bobby Joe would be a senior this year , and he planned to graduate . 
 But there was no need for Linda Kay to go on , since all she wanted in life was to make a home for Bobby Joe and ( blushing ) raise his children . 
 Howard sighed . 
 `` You lucky kids '' , he said . 
 `` I'd give anything if I could have found a girl like you '' . 
 Then he told Linda Kay about himself . 
 Of course he couldn't say much , really , because of UNK , but Linda Kay could imagine what kind of woman his wife had been and what a raw deal he had got . 
 It made her feel different about Howard . 
 She was going to tell Bobby Joe about how mistaken she had been , but he brought one of the cousins home for supper , and all they did was talk about antelope . 
 Bobby Joe was trying to get Linda Kay to say she would cook one if he brought it home . 
 `` Cook a whole antelope '' ? ? 
 She exclaimed . 
 `` Why , I couldn't even cook a piece of antelope steak ; ; 
 I never even saw any '' . 
 `` Oh , you could . 
 I want to roast the whole thing , and have it for the boys '' . 
 Linda Kay told him he couldn't do anything like that with his Grandma dying , and he said well they had to eat , didn't they , they weren't all dying . 
 Linda Kay felt like going off to the bedroom to cry ; ; 
 but they were going up to the Big House after supper , and she had to put on a clean dress and fix her hair a little . 
 Every night they all went to Mama and Papa UNK , and sat on the open front porch , where they could get the breeze . 
 It was UNK ( or a little past ) , and nearly light as day . 
 They all sat around and drank ice water , and the men smoked , and everybody had a good time . 
 Once in a while they said what a shame it was , with Granny dying , but they all agreed she wouldn't have wanted it any other way . 
 That night the older men got to talking about going UNK on a moonlight night . 
 Bobby Joe and two or three of the other boys declared they had never been UNK , and Uncle Bill UNK ( from Mama UNK side of the family ) said he would just get up from there and take them , right then . 
 After they had left , some of the people moved around , to find more comfortable places to sit . 
 There were not many chairs , so that some preferred to sit on the edge of the porch , resting their feet on the ground , and others liked to sit where they could lean back against the wall . 
 Howard , who had been sitting against the wall , said he needed more fresh air , and took the spot on the edge of the porch where Bobby Joe had been sitting . 
 `` You'll be a UNK sight more comfortable there , Howard '' , Ernest said , laughing , and they all laughed . 
 Linda Kay felt that she was not exactly more comfortable . 
 Bobby Joe had been sitting close to her , touching her actually , and holding her hand from time to time , but it seemed at once that Howard sat much closer . 
 Perhaps it was just that he had so much more flesh , so that more of it seemed to come in contact with hers ; ; 
 but she had never been so aware of anyone's flesh before . 
 Still she was not sorry he sat by her , but in fact was flattered . 
 He had become the center of the company , such stories he had to tell . 
 He had sold oil stock to Bob Hope and UNK Crosby in person ; ; 
 he had helped fight an UNK fire that raged six days and nights . 
 `` But tell me , doctor , where do you plan to conduct the hatching '' ? ? 
 Alex asked . 
 `` That will have to be in the hotel '' , the doctor UNK , UNK Alex's UNK . 
 `` What I want you to do is to go to the market with me early tomorrow morning and help UNK the hen back into the hotel '' . 
 The doctor paid the bill and they repaired to the hotel , room number nine , to initiate Alex further into these undertakings . 
 The doctor opened the smallest of his cases , an UNK straw bag , and exposed the contents for Alex's inspection . 
 Inside , carefully packed in straw , were six eggs , but the eye of a poultry psychologist was required to detect what scientifically valuable UNK lay inside ; ; 
 to Alex they were merely six not unusual UNK eggs . 
 There was little enough time to contemplate them , however ; ; 
 in an instant the doctor was UNK across the room with an antique ledger in his hands , thoroughly UNK and big as a table top . 
 He placed it on Alex's lap . 
 `` This is my hen ledger '' , he informed him in an absorbed way . 
 `` It's been going since 1908 when I was a junior in college . 
 That first entry there is the Vermont UNK , the earliest and one of the most successful of my UNK varieties -- great big UNK and hardly any UNK at all . 
 UNK take them near a river , though , or they'd UNK like a UNK cock the day before Thanksgiving '' . 
 The ledger was full of most precise information : date of laying , length of incubation period , number of UNK reaching the first week , second week , fifth week , weight of hen , size of UNK UNK and so on , all scrawled out in a hand that looked more Chinese than English , the most jagged and sprawling Alex had ever seen . 
 Below these particulars was a series of UNK connected by arrows and crosses which denoted the UNK of the breed . 
 Alex's instruction was rapid , for the doctor had to go off to the Rue UNK De UNK to hear more speeches with only time for one UNK of wine to sustain him through them all . 
 But after the doctor's return that night Alex could see , from the high window in his own room , the now familiar figure crouched on a truly impressive heap of towels , apparently giving its UNK powers one final chance before it was replaced in its office by a UNK hen . 
 A knocking at Alex's door UNK him at six o'clock the following morning . 
 It was the doctor , dressed and ready for the expedition to the market , and Alex was obliged to prepare himself in haste . 
 The doctor stood about , waiting for Alex to dress , with a show of impatience , and soon they were moving , as quietly as could be , through the UNK UNK , past the bedroom of the UNK , and so into the street . 
 The market was not far and , once there , the doctor's sense of immediacy left him and he fell into a state of harmony with the birds around him . 
 He UNK the UNK and they responded with delighted UNK , he UNK with the UNK and they at once were all attention , he UNK with the ducks , and UNK with a pair of exceedingly flattered UNK . 
 The dawn progressed and it seemed that the doctor would never be done with his UNK when quite abruptly something broke his UNK . 
 It was a fine UNK hen , white , with a maternal eye and a striking abundance of feathers in the under region of the abdomen . 
 The doctor , with the air of a man whose professional interests have found scope , drew Alex's attention to those UNK which might otherwise have escaped him : the fine color in comb and UNK , the length and quality of neck and saddle UNK , the firm , wide spread of the toes , and a rare UNK in the formation of the ear UNK . 
 All search was ended ; ; 
 he had found his UNK . 
 The purchase was effected and they made their way towards the hotel again , the hen , with whom some sort of communication had been set up , UNK in the doctor's arms . 
 The clocks struck UNK as they approached the hotel entrance ; ; 
 and hopes that the UNK and UNK would still be UNK began to rise in Alex's well exercised breast . 
 The doctor was wearing a long New England greatcoat , hardly necessary in the June weather but a garment which proved well adapted to the UNK of UNK . 
 Alex entered first and was followed by the doctor who , for all his care , manifested a UNK bulge on his left side where the hen was UNK . 
 They advanced in a line across the entrance hall to the stairway and up , with UNK steps , towards the first landing . 
 It was then that they heard the tread of one descending and , in some UNK glancing up , saw the UNK coming towards them as they gained the landing . 
 `` UNK , UNK , UNK UNK UNK '' , she greeted them pleasantly . 
 Alex explained that they had been out for a stroll before breakfast while the doctor edged around behind him , attempting to hide the UNK at his left side behind Alex's arm and back . 
 `` UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK de suite UNK '' ? ? 
 Their hostess UNK . 
 Alex told her that there was no hurry for their UNK , trying at the same time to effect a speedy separation of the persons before and behind him . 
 The doctor , he noticed , was attempting a transverse movement towards the stairs , but before the movement could be completed a distinct and audible UNK UNK the air in the hollow of the UNK . 
 Eyes UNK in the UNK head , Alex UNK loudly , and the doctor , with a UNK of chicken noises floating behind him , took to the stairs in UNK leaps . 
 `` UNK '' ? ? 
 UNK the surprised woman , looking at Alex for an explanation but he , parting from her without ceremony , only offered a few words about the doctor's provincial American speech and a state of nerves brought on by the demands of his work . 
 With that he hurried up the stairs , followed by her suspicious gaze . 
 When Alex entered his room , the doctor was already preparing a nest in the straw case , six eggs ready for the UNK UNK . 
 There was no reference to the incident on the stairs , his powers being absorbed by this more immediate business . 
 The hen appeared to have no doubts as to her duties and was quick to settle down to the performance of them . 
 One part of her audience was totally engaged , the connoisseur witnessing a peculiarly fine performance of some ancient classic , the other part , the guest of the connoisseur , attentive as one who must take an intelligent interest in that which he does not fully understand . 
 The spectacle progressed towards a UNK which was obviously still remote ; ; 
 the audience attended . 
 Time elapsed but the doctor was obviously unconscious of its passage until an unwelcome knock on the door interrupted the processes of nature . 
 UNK , he jumped up to pull hen and case out of view , and Alex went to the door . 
 He opened it a crack and in doing so made as much UNK , UNK , and scraping noise as possible in order to UNK UNK from the hen who had begun to protest . 
 It was Giselle , the fille de chambre , come to clean the room , and while she stood before him with ears UNK up and regard all curiosity , explaining her errand , Alex could see from the corner of his eye the doctor doing all he could to calm the displeased bird . 
 Giselle was reluctant but Alex succeeded in persuading her to come back in five minutes and the door was shut again . 
 `` Who was that , young UNK '' ? ? 
 The doctor instantly asked . 
 `` That was the fille de chambre , the one you thought couldn't get the eggs out . 
 She looked mighty interested , though . 
 Anyhow she's coming back in five minutes to do the room '' . 
 The doctor's mind was working at a great speed ; ; 
 he rose to put his greatcoat on and addressed Alex in a UNK voice . 
 `` Have you got our keys handy '' ? ? 
 `` Right in my pocket '' . 
 `` All right . 
 Now you go outside and UNK me when it's safe '' . 
 The hall was empty and Alex beckoned ; ; 
 they climbed the stairs which creaked , very loudly to their sensitive ears , and reached the next floor . 
 A guest was locking his room ; ; 
 they passed behind him and got to Alex's room unnoticed . 
 The doctor sat down rather wearily , caressing the hen and UNK that the city was not the place for a UNK man , but no sooner was the remark out than a knock at this door obliged him to cover the hen with his greatcoat once more . 
 At the door Alex managed to persuade the increasingly astonished fille de chambre to return in ten minutes . 
 It was evident that a second transfer had to be effected , and that it had to take place between the time the fille finished the doctor's room and the time she began Alex's . 
 They waited three minutes and then crept out on UNK ; ; 
 the UNK were empty and they passed down the stairs to number nine and listened at the door . 
 A UNK of sheets being smoothed and UNK being arranged indicated the fille de UNK presence inside ; ; 
 they listened and suddenly a step towards the door announced another important fact . 
 The doctor shot down to the lavatory and turned the UNK , but to no effect : the lavatory was occupied . 
 Although a look of alarm passed over his face , he did not arrest his movements but disappeared into the shower room just as the UNK emerged from number nine . 
 Alex suppressed those expressions of relief which offered to prevail in his face and escape from his throat ; ; 
 unwarranted they were in any case for , as he stood facing the fille de chambre , his ears were assailed by new sounds from the interior of the shower room . 
 The events of the last quarter of an hour , mysterious to any bird accustomed only to the predictable life of UNK and UNK , had overcome the doctor's hen and she gave out a series of UNK UNK , perhaps mourning her nest , but briefly enjoyed . 
 The doctor's wits had not left him , however , for all his UNK years , and the UNK were almost immediately lost in the sound of water rushing out from the UNK . 
 Alex nodded to the maid as though nothing unusual were taking place and entered the doctor's room . 
 Shortly , the doctor himself entered , his hair somewhat wet from the shower , but evidently satisfied with the outcome of their adventures . 
 Without comment he opened the closet and from its shelves constructed a UNK around the egg case which he had placed on the floor inside . 
 Next , the hen was nested and all seemed well . 
 The two men sat for some time , UNK the pleasure of escape from peril and the relief such escape brings , before they got up and left the hotel , the doctor to go to the conference house and Alex to go to the main post office . 
 Alex returned to the hotel , rather weary and with no new prospects of a role , in the late afternoon , but found the doctor in an UNK mood . 
 At the time Alex arrived he was engaged in some sort of intimate communication with the hen , who had settled herself on the nest most peacefully after the occurrences of the morning . 
 `` UNK have short memories '' , the doctor remarked , `` that's why they are better company than most people I know '' , and he went on to break some important news to Alex . 
 `` Well '' , he began , `` It seems like some people in Paris want to hear more from me than those UNK over at the conference house do . 
 They've got a big vulture from UNK at the zoo here , with a wife for him , too , very rare birds , both of them , the only UNK of their species outside Africa . 
 Seems like she's willing , but the male just UNK around all day like the UNK boy who took UNK May behind the barn and then didn't know what to do , and the people at the zoo haven't got any vulture UNK to show for their trouble . 
 Going downstairs with the tray , Winston wished he could have given in to Miss Ada , but he knew better than to do what she said when she had that UNK look . 
 There were times it wasn't right to make a person happy , like the times she came in the kitchen and asked know we don't keep peanut `` butter for a peanut butter sandwich . 
 You in this house '' , he always told her . 
 `` Why , Winston '' , she'd cry , `` I just now saw you eating it out of the jar '' ! ! 
 But he knew how important it was for her to keep her figure . 
 In the kitchen , Leona , his little young wife , was reading the morning paper . 
 Her legs hung down long and thin as she sat on the high stool . 
 `` Here '' , Winston said gently , `` what's these dishes doing not washed '' ? ? 
 The enormous plates which had held Mr. Jack's four fried eggs and five strips of bacon were still stacked in the sink . 
 `` Leave me alone '' , Leona said . 
 `` Can't you see I'm busy '' ? ? 
 She looked at him UNK over the corner of the paper . 
 `` This is moving day '' , Winston reminded her , `` and I bet you left things every which way upstairs , your clothes all over the floor and the bed not made . 
 Leona '' ! ! 
 His eye had fastened on her leg ; ; 
 bending , he touched her knee . 
 `` If I catch you one more time down here without stockings '' -- 
 She twitched her leg away . 
 `` UNK , UNK , old man '' . 
 She had an alley UNK manners . 
 Winston stacked Miss Ada's thin pink dishes in the sink . 
 Then he spread out the last list on the counter . 
 `` To Be Left Behind '' was printed at the top in Miss Ada ; ; 
 fine hand . 
 Winston took out a pencil , admired the point , and wrote slowly and heavily , `` UNK UNK '' . 
 UNK , Leona dropped the paper and stood up . 
 `` I guess I better get ready to go '' . 
 Winston watched her fumbling to UNK her apron . 
 `` Here '' . 
 UNK , he UNK the bow . 
 `` How come your UNK is always UNK '' ? ? 
 She turned and put her arms around his neck . 
 `` I don't want to leave here , Winston '' . 
 `` Now listen to that '' . 
 He drew back , embarrassed and pleased . 
 `` I thought you was sick to death of this big house . 
 Said you wore yourself out , cleaning all these empty rooms '' . 
 `` At least there is room here '' , she said . 
 `` What room is there going to be in an apartment for any child '' ? ? 
 `` I told you what Miss Ada's doctor said '' . 
 `` I don't mean Miss Ada ! ! 
 What you think I care about that ? ? 
 I mean our children '' . 
 She sounded as though they already existed . 
 In spite of the hundred things he had on his mind , Winston went and put his arm around her waist . 
 `` We've got plenty of time to think about that . 
 All the time in the world . 
 We've only been married four years , January '' . 
 `` Four years '' ! ! 
 She UNK . 
 `` That's a long time , waiting '' . 
 `` How many times have I told you '' -- he began , and was almost glad when she cut him off -- `` Too many times '' ! ! 
 -- and UNK to the sink , where she began noisily to wash her hands . 
 Too many times was the truth of it , Winston thought . 
 He hardly believed his reason himself any more . 
 Although it had seemed a good reason , to begin with : no couple could afford to have children . 
 `` How you going to work with a child hanging on you '' ? ? 
 He asked Leona . 
 `` You want to keep this job , don't you '' ? ? 
 He doubted whether she heard him , over the running water . 
 He sat for a while with his hands on his knees , watching the bend of her back as she gathered up her things -- a comb , a bottle of UNK -- to take upstairs and pack . 
 She made him sad some days , and he was never sure why ; ; 
 it was something to do with her back , the UNK of it , and the quick , jerky way she bent . 
 She was too young , that was all ; ; 
 too young and thin and straight . 
 `` Winston '' ! ! 
 It was Mr. Jack , UNK out in the hall . 
 Winston hurried through the swinging door . 
 `` I've been bursting my lungs for you '' , Mr. Jack complained . 
 He was standing in front of the mirror , tightening his tie . 
 He had on his gray tweed overcoat and his city hat , and his brief case lay on the bench . 
 `` I don't know what you think you've been doing about my clothes '' , he said . 
 `` This coat looks like a rag heap '' . 
 There were a few blades of UNK on the shoulder . 
 Winston took the UNK out of the closet and went to work . 
 He gave Mr. Jack a real UNK ; ; 
 he brushed his shoulders and his back and his collar with long , firm strokes . 
 `` Hey '' ! ! 
 Mr. Jack cried when the brush tipped his hat down over his eyes . 
 Winston apologized and quickly set the hat right . 
 Then he stood back to look at Mr. Jack , who was pulling on his UNK gloves . 
 Winston enjoyed seeing him start out ; ; 
 he wore his clothes with style . 
 When he was going to town , nothing was good enough -- he had cursed at Winston once for leaving a UNK of polish on his UNK . 
 At home , he wouldn't even wash his hands for supper , and he wandered around the yard in a pair of sweaty old UNK . 
 The velvet smoking jackets , UNK , wine , and blue , which Miss Ada had bought him hung brushed and UNK in the closet . 
 `` UNK , Winston '' , Mr. Jack said , giving a final set to his hat . 
 `` Look out for those movers '' ! ! 
 Winston watched him hurry down the drive to his car ; ; 
 a handsome , fine-looking man it made him proud to see . 
 After Mr. Jack drove away , Winston went on looking out the window . 
 He noticed a speck of dirt on the sill and UNK at it with his finger . 
 Then he looked at his finger , at the wrinkled , heavy UNK and the thick nail he used like a knife to pry up , slit , and open . 
 For the first time , he be sad about the move . 
 That house was ten years off his life let himself . 
 Each brass handle and UNK shone for his reward , and he knew how to get at the dust in the china flowers and how to take down the long glass drops which hung from the UNK . 
 He knew the house like a blind man , through his fingers , and he did not like to think of all the time and rags and UNK he had spent on keeping it up . 
 Ten years ago , he had come to the house to be interviewed . 
 The UNK and the big pink UNK had been blooming along the drive , and he had walked up from the bus almost singing . 
 Miss Ada had been out back , in a straw hat , planting flowers . 
 She had talked to him right there , with the hot sun in his face , which made him sweat and feel ashamed . 
 Winston had been surprised at her for that . 
 Still , he had liked the way she had looked , in a fresh , neat cotton dress -- UNK yellow , if he remembered . 
 She had had a dignity about her , even barefoot and almost too tan . 
 Since then , the flowers she had planted had spread all over the hill . 
 Already the UNK were blooming in a flock by the front gate , and the UNK were coming on , blue by the porch steps . 
 In a week the UNK would UNK out . 
 And the UNK in early May , for Miss Ada's UNK party ; ; 
 and after that the Japanese UNK . 
 Now the yard looked wet and bald , the trees bare under their buds , but in a while Miss Ada's flowers would bloom like a marching parade . 
 She had dug a hole for each bulb , each tree wore a tag with her writing on it ; ; 
 where would she go for her UNK now ? ? 
 Somehow Winston didn't think she'd take to window boxes . 
 UNK , he hurried to the living room . 
 He had a thousand things to see to . 
 Still , he couldn't help thinking , we're all getting old , getting small ; ; 
 the UNK is pulling in her horns . 
 In the living room , Miss Ada was standing by the window with a UNK of lists in her hand . 
 She was looking out at the garden . 
 `` Winston '' , she said , `` get the basket for the UNK '' . 
 Winston had the big straw basket ready in the hall . 
 He brought it in and put it down beside her . 
 Miss Ada was looking fine ; ; 
 she had on her Easter suit , blue , with lavender binding . 
 UNK across the house , he could have smelled her morning perfume . 
 It hung in all her day clothes , sweet and strong ; ; 
 sometimes when he was pressing , Winston raised her dresses to his face . 
 UNK , Miss Ada studied the list . 
 `` Well , let's see . 
 The china lemon tree . 
 The UNK UNK '' . 
 Winston followed her around the room , collecting the small frail objects ( Christmas , birthday , and anniversary ) and wrapping them in tissue paper . 
 Neither of them trusted the movers . 
 When they came to Mr. Jack's photograph , twenty by twelve inches in a curly silver frame , Miss Ada said , `` By rights I ought to leave that , seeing he won't take my UNK '' . 
 She smiled at Winston , and he saw the UNK hard glitter in her eyes . 
 He picked up the photograph and began to wrap it . 
 `` At least you could leave it for the movers '' , Miss Ada said . 
 `` What possessed you to tell me a UNK would be a good idea '' ? ? 
 Winston folded the tissue paper carefully . 
 `` He's used it every day ; ; 
 every morning , I lay out his clothes on it '' . 
 `` Well , that's over now . 
 And it was his main present ! ! 
 Leave that fool picture out '' , she added sharply . 
 Winston laid it in the basket . 
 `` Mr. Jack sets store by that '' . 
 `` Really , Winston . 
 It was meant to be my present '' . 
 But she went on down the list . 
 Winston was relieved ; ; 
 those presents had been on his mind . 
 He had only agreed with Miss Ada about getting the UNK , but he had actually suggested the photograph to Mr. Jack . 
 `` You know what she likes , Winston '' , he had said wearily , one evening in November when Winston was pulling off his UNK . 
 `` Tell me what to get her for Christmas '' . 
 `` She's been talking about a picture '' , Winston had told him . 
 `` UNK ! ! 
 You mean picture of me '' ? ? 
 But Winston had persuaded him . 
 On Christmas night , they had had a disagreement about it . 
 Winston had heard because he was setting up the liquor tray in the next room . 
 Through the door , he had seen Mr. Jack walking around , waiting for Miss Ada . 
 Finally she had come down ; ; 
 Winston had heard her shaking out the skirt of her new pink silk hostess gown . 
 `` How do you like it '' ? ? 
 She had asked . 
 Mr. Jack had said , `` You look about fifteen years old '' . 
 `` Is that a UNK '' ? ? 
 `` I don't know '' . 
 He had stood at a little distance , studying her , as though he would walk around next and look at the back of her head . 
 `` UNK , you make me feel naked '' . 
 Miss Ada had UNK , and she went sweeping and rustling to the couch and sank down . 
 `` You look like that picture I have at the office '' , Mr. Jack had started . 
 `` Not a line , not a UNK . 
 I look like an old man , compared '' , and he had picked up his photograph with the red Christmas bow still on it . 
 `` Look , an old man . 
 Will you wear pink when you're sixty '' ? ? 
 `` Darling , I love that photograph . 
 I'm going to put it on my UNK '' . 
 `` I guess it's children make a woman old . 
 A man gets old anyhow '' . 
 After a minute he went on , `` People must think the curse is on me , seeing you fresh as an apple and me old and gray '' . 
 `` I'll give you a medical certificate , framed , if you like '' , Miss Ada had said . 
 `` No . 
 All I want is a picture -- with a few lines . 
 Make the man put them in if he has to '' . 
 After that they had sat for five minutes without saying a word . 
 Then Miss Ada had stood up , rustling and rustling , and gone upstairs . 
 Was it love ? ? 
 I had no doubt that it was . 
 During the rest of the summer my scholarly mania for making plaster casts and UNK prints of Catskill flowers and leaves was all but UNK by the constantly renewed impressions of Jessica that my mind served up to me for contemplation and delight . 
 Nothing in all the preceding years had had the power to bring me closer to a knowledge of profound sorrow than the UNK of camp , the packing away of my camp uniforms , the UNK of ties with the six or ten people I had grown most to love in the world . 
 In final separation from them , in the railroad terminal across the river from New York , I would nearly cry . 
 My parents' welcoming arms would seem UNK , inadequate , unwanted . 
 But that year was different , for just as the city , in the form of my street clothes , had UNK upon my mountain nights , so an essential part of the summer gave promise of continuing into the fall : Jessica and I , about to be separated not by a mere UNK or UNK kitchen but by the immense obstacle of residing in cruelly distant UNK , had agreed to correspond . 
 These letters became the center of my existence . 
 I lived to see an envelope of hers in the morning mail and to lock myself in my room in the afternoon to reread her letter for the tenth time and finally prepare an answer . 
 My memory has catalogued for easy reference and withdrawal the image of her pink , scented UNK and the UNK , almost printed UNK of her neat , UNK handwriting with which she invited me to recall our summer , so many sentences beginning with `` Remember when ; ; 
 '' and others concerning camp friends who UNK in her suburban neighborhood , , and news of her commencing again her piano lessons , her private school , a visit to Boston to see her UNK and an uncle who was a surgeon returned on UNK , wounded , from the war in Europe . 
 In my letters I took on a personality that differed from the self I knew in real life . 
 Then UNK me was a foreign correspondent UNK exciting UNK and UNK , full of dash and wit and glamor , UNK from the books I read , UNK the grand styles of the authors recommended by a teacher in whose special , UNK class I was enrolled . 
 The letters took their source from a stream of my imagination in which I was transformed into a young man not unlike my UNK Eliot UNK -- he of the porch steps anecdotes -- who smoked cigarettes , performed the UNK , wore fifty dollar suits , and sneaked off into the dark with girls to do UNK things with them . 
 Like Eliot , in my fantasies , I had a proud bearing and , with a skill that was vaguely continental , I would lead Jessica through an evening of dancing and handsome descriptions of my newest exploits , would guide her gently to the night's climax which , in my dreams , was always represented by our almost suffocating one another to death with deep , moist kisses burning with love . 
 The night after reading her letter about her surgeon uncle -- it must have been late in September -- I had a vision of myself returned in ragged uniform from The Front , nearly dying , my head bandaged and UNK , and Jessica bending over me , the power of her love bringing me back to life . 
 For many nights afterward , the idea of her having been so close to me in that imagined bed would return and fill me with obscure and painful desires , would cause me to lie awake in shame , tossing with UNK , longing to fall into a deep sleep . 
 The weeks went by , and the longer our separation grew , the more UNK and almost unbearable my fantasies became . 
 They caused my love for Jessica to become warmer and at the same time more hopeless , as if my adolescent self knew that only torment would ever bring me the courage to ask to see her again . 
 As it turned out , Jessica took matters into her own hands . 
 Having received permission to give a camp UNK party , she asked that I come and be her date . 
 I went and , UNK and nervous , all but made a fool of myself . 
 Again among those UNK UNK UNK , I was shy with UNK and acted as I had during those early Saturday mornings when we all seemed to be playing for effect , to be detached and unconcerned with the girls who were properly our dates but about whom , later , in the privacy of our bunks , we would think in terms of the most elaborate romance . 
 I remember standing in a corner , watching Jessica act the hostess , serving soft drinks to her guests . 
 She was wearing her dark hair in two , thick UNK to attain an `` American Girl '' effect she thought was appropriate to UNK . 
 It made her look sweet and UNK , I was excited to be with her , but I did not know how to express it . 
 Yet a moment did come that night when the adventurous letter writer and UNK seemed to stride off my UNK pages , out of my mind , and plant himself in reality . 
 It was late , we were playing kissing games , and Jessica and I were called on to kiss in front of the others . 
 We blushed and were UNK , and it turned out to be the UNK brush of lips upon cheek . 
 The kiss outraged our friends but it was done and meanwhile had released in me all the remote , exciting UNK of lust , all the mysterious sensations that I had imagined a truly consummated kiss would convey to me . 
 It was at that party that , finally overcoming my UNK , inspired by tales only UNK and overheard among older boys , I asked UNK to spend New Year's Eve with me . 
 UNK , she accepted , and so great was my emotion that all I could think of saying was , `` You're amazing , you know '' ? ? 
 Later , we agreed to think of how we wished to spend that night . 
 We would write to one another and make a definite plan . 
 She was terribly pleased . 
 Among my school and neighborhood friends , during the next months , I UNK and UNK and UNK described my impending date . 
 But though I boasted and gave off a dapper front , I was beneath it all frightened . 
 It would be the first time I had ever been completely alone with a girl I loved . 
 I had no idea of what subjects one discussed when alone with a girl , or how one behaved : Should I hold her hand while walking or only when crossing the street ? ? 
 Should I bring along a UNK or send one to her ? ? 
 Was it preferable to meet her at home or in the city ? ? 
 Should I accompany her to the door of her home , or should I ask to be invited in ? ? 
 In or out , should I kiss her UNK ? ? 
 All this was unknown to me , and yet I had dared to ask her out for the most important night of the year ! ! 
 When in one letter Jessica informed me that her father did not like the idea of her going out alone on New Year's Eve , I knew for a moment an immense relief ; ; 
 but the letter went on : she had cried , she had UNK , she had been miserable at his refusal , and finally he had UNK -- and now how happy she was , how UNK ! ! 
 Her optimism gave me heart . 
 I forced confidence into myself . 
 I made inquiries , I read a book of UNK . 
 In December I wrote her with authority that we would meet on the steps of the Hotel UNK , a rendezvous spot that I had learned was the most sophisticated . 
 We would attend a film and , later on , I stated , we might go to the Mayflower Coffee Shop or UNK or UNK for UNK . 
 I set the hour of our meeting for seven . 
 At five o'clock that night it was already dark , and behind my closed door I was dressing as carefully as a groom . 
 I wore a new UNK brown UNK suit with a faint UNK design and wide UNK like a UNK ears . 
 My UNK leather wallet , bulky with twisted , raised stitches around the edges , I stuffed with money I had been saving . 
 UNK , in an overcoat of rough blue wool , I was given a proud farewell by my mother and father , and I set out into the strangely still streets of Brooklyn . 
 I felt superior to the neighborhood friends I was leaving behind , felt older than my years , and was full of compliments for myself as I headed into the subway that was carrying its UNK of passengers out of that dull UNK and into the unstable , tantalizing excitement of Manhattan . 
 Times Square , when I UNK to it with my fellow subway UNK ( all dressed as if for a huge wedding in a family of which we were all distant members ) , was nearly UNK , the sidewalks UNK with UNK , with UNK up sailors and soldiers already hugging their girls and their UNK bottles of whiskey . 
 UNK , UNK policemen sat UNK noble horses along the UNK to prevent the UNK from UNK out in front of the crawling traffic . 
 The night was cold but the crowd kept one warm . 
 The giant electric signs and UNK were lit up for the first time since blackout regulations had been instituted , and the atmosphere was alive with the feeling that victory was just around the corner . 
 UNK UNK , substitutes for the unavailable tin models , were being UNK and bought at makeshift stands every few yards along Broadway , and one's ears were continually UNK by the UNK UNK and UNK . 
 An old gentlemen next to me held a Boy UNK UNK to his lips and blasted away at every fourth step and during the interim shouted out , `` V for Victory '' ! ! 
 His neighbors UNK him on . 
 There was a great sense of UNK . 
 How did one join them ? ? 
 Where were they all walking to ? ? 
 Was I supposed to buy a funny hat and a rattle for Jessica ? ? 
 It was a quarter of seven when the crowd washed me up among the other UNK who had established the UNK steps as the UNK from which to launch their night of UNK . 
 I looked over their faces and felt a UNK : they all looked so much more knowing than I . 
 I looked away . 
 I looked for Jessica to UNK out of the UNK , UNK crowd and , as the time passed and I waited , a UNK came to life beside me and whispered in my ear : How was I planning to greet Jessica ? ? 
 Where exactly would we go after the movie ? ? 
 Suppose the lines in front of the movie houses were too long and we couldn't get in ? ? 
 Suppose I hadn't brought along enough money ? ? 
 I felt for my wallet . 
 Its thick , substantial outline calmed me . 
 But when I saw that it was already ten past seven , I began to wonder if something had gone wrong . 
 Suppose her father had changed his mind and had refused to let her leave ? ? 
 Suppose at this very moment her father was calling my house in an effort to cancel the plans ? ? 
 I grew uneasy . 
 All about me there was a UNK interplay of meetings taking place , like abrupt , jerky scenes in old silent movies , joyous greetings and beginnings , UNK and UNK , enthusiastic UNK into the UNK night . 
 UNK UNK were taking up new positions on the steps , arriving and departing , while I stayed glued , like a UNK , to one spot . 
 At UNK two hotel UNK came thumping down the steps , carrying a UNK to be set up as a UNK in front of the UNK store window next to the UNK , and as I watched them in their gaudy red coats that nearly scraped the ground , their golden , fringed UNK and UNK , UNK caps , I suddenly saw just over their shoulders Jessica gracefully making her way through the crowd . 
 My heart almost stopped beating . 
 There were UNK patients on the bus the morning I left for Hanover , most of them disturbed and UNK . 
 An UNK , a nurse and two attendants were in charge of us . 
 I felt lonely and depressed as I stared out the bus window at Chicago's grim , dirty West Side . 
 It seemed incredible , as I listened to the monotonous UNK of voices and smelled the UNK odors coming from the patients , that technically I was a ward of the state of Illinois , going to a hospital for the mentally ill . 
 I suddenly thought of Mary Jane UNK , the way her pretty eyes could flash with anger , her quiet competence , the UNK and UNK that lay just beneath the surface of her defenses . 
 We had become good friends during my stay at Cook County Hospital . 
 I had told her enough about myself to offset somewhat the UNK stories that had appeared in local newspapers after my little adventure in Marshall Field & Co. . 
 She knew that I lived at a good address on the Gold Coast , that I had once been a medical student and was thinking of returning to the university to finish my medical studies . 
 She knew also that I was unmarried and without a single known relative . 
 She wasn't quite sure that I felt enough UNK about my drinking , or that I would not return to it once I was out and on my own again . 
 This had worried her . 
 `` I read those newspaper stories about you '' , she had said . 
 `` You must have loved that girl very much , but you couldn't have meant it when you said that you wanted to kill her '' . 
 `` Why do you say that '' ? ? 
 I asked . 
 `` I was full of booze and , well , a drunk is apt to do anything he says he'll do '' . 
 UNK ! ! 
 I grew up in an Irish neighborhood on Chicago's West Side . 
 Don't tell me about UNK . 
 You're not the kind to go violent . 
 Were you in love with that girl '' ? ? 
 `` Would it make any difference to you if I were , Mary Jane '' ? ? 
 She met my eyes , suddenly angry . 
 `` I wouldn't have gone into nursing if I didn't care about people . 
 I'm interested in every patient I've helped take care of . 
 When I think of people like you , well , I '' -- 
 `` You what , Mary Jane '' ? ? 
 `` You are young , intelligent , have a whole lifetime before you to make something worth while of yourself , but you mess it up with whiskey , indifference , UNK attitudes . 
 I don't blame that girl for breaking her engagement with you . 
 Was she pretty '' ? ? 
 `` Oh , yes '' , I said , feeling annoyed , `` she was very pretty . 
 You don't believe that I'm going back to medical school and finish , do you '' ? ? 
 `` Why should I ? ? 
 I've worked this ward for three months now . 
 We keep getting the same ones back again and again . 
 They all mean well , have great promises to make when they are about to go home , but drinking is their sickness . 
 You've not seemed like them , but maybe you are . 
 You've treated your stay here like a big joke . 
 It's not a joke to be sent to a place like this or to Hanover . 
 I wanted to go to college , too '' -- 
 `` Why didn't you '' ? ? 
 I asked . 
 `` Chicago has some of the best '' -- 
 Her eyes flashed angrily . 
 `` That's what I mean about you , Anderson '' , she said . 
 `` You don't seem to know much about reality . 
 I'll tell you why I didn't go to college ; ; 
 I'm the oldest of six children . 
 My father's a policeman and makes less than seven thousand dollars a year . 
 There was no money for tuition , for clothes , for all the things you apparently take for granted . 
 UNK training here doesn't cost anything . 
 They even pay me six dollars a month . 
 I think it's a good deal . 
 I'm going to become a good nurse , and I've got two baby brothers that are going to have college if I have to work at my profession until I'm an old maid to give it to them '' . 
 `` Do you have a boy friend '' ? ? 
 I asked . 
 `` That's none of your business '' , she said , then changed the subject . 
 `` What about your father and mother , don't you think of them when you're in a place like this '' ? ? 
 `` My father and mother died when I was two years old '' , I said . 
 `` My aunt raised me . 
 Aunt Mary died when I was doing my military service . 
 I have no one but myself to worry about '' . 
 Something in my voice must have touched her deeply because her anger passed quickly , and she turned away to keep me from seeing her face . 
 `` I'm sorry '' , she said . 
 `` I don't know what I'd do without my family . 
 We've always been so close '' . 
 `` Tell me more about them '' . 
 Her eyes became bright as she talked about her father and mother , aunts and UNK , cousins . 
 UNK , I felt cheated and lonely as only an UNK can . 
 When she had finished I said : 
 `` Your UNK sounds like a good father and a good policeman . 
 I'll bet he wouldn't be pleased if a UNK like me were to ask his daughter for a date -- I mean , after I'm out of the hospital , a month or so from now '' . 
 `` My father is a sergeant of detectives and has been attached to Homicide for five years . 
 He's a pretty good judge of character , Anderson . 
 I don't think he'd mind too much if he were sure you'd decided not to be a UNK in the future '' . 
 `` What about you ? ? 
 How would you feel about it if I were to ask you for a date when I get through at Hanover '' ? ? 
 `` If I thought you were serious about going back to school , that you'd learned something from your experiences here and at Hanover -- well , I might consider such an offer . 
 What about your that girl you were going to kill '' ? ? 
 It suddenly seemed very important to me that Mary Jane UNK should know the truth about me -- that I was not the confused , sick , irresponsible person she believed me to be . 
 `` There are things about me that I can't tell you now , Mary Jane '' , I said , `` but if you'll go out to dinner with me when I get out of Hanover , I'd like to tell you the whole story . 
 I can say this : I'm dead serious about going back to school . 
 As for that other girl , let's just say that I never want to see her again . 
 You will get to come home on long weekends from Hanover , won't you '' ? ? 
 `` Yes , I'll get one overnight a month '' . 
 `` We'll go up to the UNK Beach Hotel for dinner '' , I said . 
 `` Do you like to dance ? ? 
 They always have a good orchestra '' . 
 `` I like to dance '' , she said , then turned and walked away . 
 There hadn't been anything really personal in her interest in me . 
 I knew that . 
 It was just that she felt deeply about every patient on the ward and wanted to believe that they might benefit from their treatment there . 
 Now , riding this hospital bus , feeling isolated and utterly alone , I knew that she was genuine and unique , quite unlike any girl I had known before . 
 It seemed the most important thing in my life at this moment that she should know the real truth about me . 
 It was a fantastic story . 
 Only two people in the state of Illinois knew that I was entering Hanover State Hospital under an assumed name , or why . 
 It was unlikely that any girl as sharp as Mary Jane UNK would believe it without proof . 
 But I had the proof , all documented in a legal agreement which I would show her the moment I was free to do so . 
 As the bus turned into the main highway and headed toward Hanover I settled back in my seat and closed my eyes , thinking over the events of the past two weeks , trying to put the pieces in order . 
 I wondered suddenly as I listened to the disconnected UNK coming from the patient behind me , if I had not perhaps imagined it all . 
 Perhaps this was reality and Dale Nelson , the actor , was UNK ; ; 
 a UNK of Carl Anderson's imagination . 
 Four 
 I had come to Chicago from New York early in September with a dramatic production called Ask Tony . 
 It was a bad play , real UNK UNK , which only a prevalence of angels with UNK dreams of capital gain and tax money to burn could have put into rehearsal . 
 No one , not even the producer , had any real hope of getting it back to Broadway . 
 But because it was a suspense UNK story of the Capone era , many of us felt that it might catch on for a run in Chicago , continue as a road company , and eventually become a movie . 
 Such optimism was completely UNK . 
 The critics literally screamed their indignation . 
 Ask Tony was doomed from the moment UNK leveled on it in his UNK column . 
 We opened on Friday and closed the following Monday . 
 Out of the entire cast I alone received good notices for my portrayal of a UNK killer . 
 This let me in for a lot of kidding from the rest of the company , two members of which were native UNK . 
 We were paid off Tuesday morning and given tickets back to New York . 
 I felt lonely and depressed as I packed my bags at the UNK Hotel . 
 It seemed to me that my life was destined to be one brilliant failure after another . 
 I had been among the top third in my class at UNK , had wanted desperately to go to medical school , but I'd run out of money and energy at the same time . 
 Then later I had quit my safe , secure UNK spot on a network soap opera to take a part in this play . 
 It seemed to me that I was not only UNK but quite stupid as well . 
 I knew that I'd soon be back working as an orderly at the hospital or as a UNK at Union News or UNK while waiting for another acting job to open . 
 It suddenly occurred to me that I did not particularly like acting , that I was at some sort of crossroads and would have to decide soon what I was going to do with my life . 
 I closed the last bag and stood all three at the door for the bellboy to pick up , then went to the bathroom for a drink of water . 
 The telephone rang . 
 When I answered it a voice too dignified and British to be real said , `` Is this Mr. Dale Nelson , the actor '' ? ? 
 `` All right '' , I said . 
 `` Why don't you bastards lay off for a while '' ? ? 
 `` I beg your pardon , sir '' ? ? 
 `` All right . 
 This is Dale Nelson the actor '' . 
 `` Good . 
 I'm calling you , Mr. Nelson , at the request of Mr. UNK UNK . 
 Could you possibly have lunch with him today ? ? 
 His car could pick you up at your hotel at twelve '' . 
 I smiled . 
 `` You'll send the UNK , of course '' ? ? 
 `` Yes , of course , Mr. Nelson '' . 
 I started to say something else appropriate , but the man had hung up . 
 I finally went downstairs to the bar off the main lobby where most of the cast were drowning their UNK over the UNK passing of Ask Tony . 
 They all bowed low as I approached them . 
 `` All right , you bastards '' , I said , `` the great actor is about to buy a drink '' . 
 I laid a UNK on the bar and UNK to the bartender to serve a round . 
 He had just returned my change when the doorman came in off the street to page me . 
 I walked over to him . 
 `` You Mr. Nelson '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 `` That's right '' . 
 `` Mr. UNK car is waiting for you at the east entrance '' . 
 I followed him out through the lobby to the street . 
 An ancient UNK , as UNK impressive as the day it came off the ship , was parked at the curb . 
 The elderly chauffeur , immaculate in a dark uniform , stood stiffly at attention holding open the door of the town car . 
 I was giving the parked cars the UNK . 
 The UNK with the license number UNK 114 was in stall number five . 
 `` Okay '' , I said to the attendant , `` I'll let you know if I close the deal on the office in this building '' . 
 I walked with him back to the entrance . 
 He gave me a ticket on the agency car and parked it . 
 I was back in ten minutes . 
 `` UNK to get something out of the car '' , I told him , showing him my ticket . 
 He started to say something as I walked in and then suddenly grinned and said , `` Oh , yes . 
 You're the one I was talking to about a monthly rental . 
 `` That's right '' , I told him . 
 He consulted the parking ticket , then looked at a UNK and said , `` You're in the third row back toward the rear . 
 Can you find it all right '' ? ? 
 `` Sure '' , I told him . 
 I went back to the agency car and got out an electric UNK , one of the newest devices for electronic shadowing . 
 I always keep a set in the car . 
 I put in new UNK so as to be certain I'd have plenty of power and on my way out walked over to the regular parking UNK and stood looking at them thoughtfully . 
 I waited until the parking attendant was busy with a customer , then slipped around the back of the car with license number UNK 114 , attached the electronic UNK to the rear UNK and walked out . 
 The attendant waved me on . 
 One of the hardest chores a detective has is hanging around on a city street , trying to make himself UNK , keeping an eye on the entrance of an office building and waiting . 
 For the first fifteen or twenty minutes it's possible to be more or less interested in window displays , then in people passing by . 
 After a while , however , a person's mind gets fed up and that UNK all of the UNK physical symptoms which go with that sort of an assignment . 
 You want to sit down . 
 Your leg muscles and back muscles feel weary . 
 You're conscious of the fact that your feet hurt , that the city UNK are hard . 
 I waited a solid two hours before my man came out of the office building . 
 He came out alone . 
 I wasn't far behind him when he entered the parking lot and hurried over to his car . 
 The attendant recognized me once more and said , `` What did you do about that office '' ? ? 
 `` I haven't made up my mind yet '' , I said . 
 `` It's a UNK . 
 I have a couple of them I'm figuring on ; ; 
 one here and one that's out quite a ways where there's usually curb parking '' . 
 `` That curb parking is UNK and annoying , particularly when it rains '' , he said . 
 I kept trying to get him to take my money . 
 `` Okay '' , I told him . 
 `` I'm in a rush right now . 
 I know where the car is . 
 UNK me to drive it out '' ? ? 
 `` I'll have one of the boys get it '' , he said . 
 `` It's one of the rules on UNK . 
 UNK drive out their own cars '' . 
 `` Make it as UNK as you can , will you '' ? ? 
 I asked . 
 `` Oh , that's all right '' , he said . 
 `` You're going to be a regular . 
 You'll get in the office building here . 
 You don't want to lease a place way out in the sticks . 
 You get business where the business is , not where it isn't '' . 
 I grinned at him , handed him a couple of dollars and said , `` By the time you get the parking charge figured up , there should be a cigar in it for you '' . 
 I hurried over to the agency heap , jumped in , started the motor and was just in time to see the car I wanted to shadow turn to the left . 
 I was held up a bit trying to make a left turn . 
 By the time I'd made it he was gone . 
 Traffic was pretty heavy . 
 I turned on the electric UNK , and the signal came in loud and clear . 
 I made time and picked him up within ten blocks . 
 I stayed half a block behind him , letting lots of cars keep in between us , listening to the steady beep beep beep . 
 After fifteen minutes of traffic driving he turned to the left . 
 I couldn't see him , but the electric UNK device gave steady UNK when it was straight ahead , short half UNK when the car I was following was to the left , and long UNK UNK when it turned to the right . 
 If it ever got behind me , the beep turned to a buzz . 
 I turned left too soon and got a signal showing that I was still behind him but he was to the right . 
 After a while the signal became a buzz and I knew he was behind me . 
 That meant he'd parked someplace . 
 I made a big circle until I located the car parked at the curb in front of an apartment house . 
 I found a parking place half a block away , sat in the car and waited . 
 My quarry was in the apartment house for two hours . 
 Then he came out and started driving toward the beach . 
 By this time it was dark . 
 I could get up close to him where there was traffic but had to drop far behind when there wasn't traffic . 
 My lights would have been a giveaway if I'd tried to shadow him in the conventional manner . 
 Moreover , I'd have lost him if it hadn't been for the electronic shadowing device . 
 His signal was coming loud and clear and then all of a sudden it turned to a buzz . 
 I circled the block and found he was in the parking lot of a UNK restaurant . 
 I sat where I could watch the exit and realized I was hungry . 
 I sat there with the faint odor of UNK steaks tantalizing my UNK and occasionally catching the UNK of coffee . 
 My man came out an hour later , drove to the beach , turned right and after half a mile went to the Swim and UNK Motel . 
 It was a fairly modern motel with quite a bit of electrical display in front . 
 I remembered it was the UNK Tom place . 
 I waited until my man was coming out of the office with the key to a cabin before I went in to register . 
 The card the man I was shadowing had filled out was still on the counter . 
 I noticed that he was in Unit 12 and that he had registered under the name of Oscar L. Palmer and wife , giving a San Francisco address . 
 He had written out the license number of his car but had transposed the last two figures , an old dodge which is still good . 
 UNK times out of a hundred the motel manager doesn't check the license number on the plates against the license number the tenant writes out . 
 If he does , it's still better than an even chance he won't notice the UNK of the numbers , and if he should notice it , the thing can be passed off as an honest mistake . 
 I used the UNK of Robert C. Richards , gave the first three letters and the first and last figure of the license number on the agency heap , but a couple of phony numbers in between . 
 I could have written anything . 
 The manager of the motel was a woman who apparently didn't care . 
 She was UNK with the law in regard to UNK but she certainly wasn't checking license numbers or bothering the tenants . 
 `` You mean you're all alone , Mr. Richards '' ? ? 
 `` That's right '' . 
 `` Your wife isn't going to join you -- later '' ? ? 
 `` I don't think so '' . 
 `` If you expect her to show up '' , she said , `` you'd better put ' and wife ' on there . 
 It's a UNK , you know '' . 
 `` Any difference in the rate '' ? ? 
 I asked . 
 `` Not to you '' , she said smiling . 
 `` It's ten dollars either way . 
 There are ice cubes in a container at the far end and in another by the office . 
 There are three UNK vending machines , and if you should be joined by -- anybody -- try to keep things quiet , if you will . 
 We like to run a nice quiet place '' . 
 `` Thank you '' , I told her . 
 I took another UNK glance at the other registration card , then took the key to Unit 13 that she had given me and went down long enough to park the car . 
 The construction was reasonably solid ; ; 
 not like the UNK construction of so many of the motel units that have stucco all over the outside but walls that are thin enough so you can hear every movement of the people in the adjoining apartment . 
 I put a small electric amplifier against the wall on the side I wanted to case . 
 With the aid of that I could hear my man moving around , heard him cough a couple of times , heard the toilet flush , heard the sound of water running . 
 Whoever his companion was going to be , she was going to join him later . 
 She knew where to come . 
 He didn't have to telephone . 
 I was so hungry my stomach felt all lines of communication had been severed . 
 It's one thing to go without food when you're occupied with some work or when you're simply UNK a meal , but when you're dependent on someone else and know that you can't eat until he's UNK down for the night , hunger can be a gnawing UNK . 
 I had noticed a drive-in down the road a quarter of a mile . 
 The UNK on the UNK device I had put on the car were still fresh enough to send out good strong signals . 
 The powerful microphone I could press against the wall between my motel unit and that occupied by the man would bring in the sound of any conversation , and I was positively UNK I was so hungry . 
 I got in the car , drove down to the drive-in and ordered a couple of hamburgers with everything included , a cup of coffee and the fastest service possible . 
 The place wasn't particularly busy at that time of night , and the girl who was waiting on me , who was clothed in the UNK pair of slacks I had ever seen on a woman and a sweater that showed everything there was -- and there was lots of it -- wanted to be UNK . 
 `` You really in a hurry , UNK '' ? ? 
 She asked . 
 `` I'm in a hurry , Beautiful '' . 
 `` It's early in the evening to be in a hurry . 
 There's lots of time left '' . 
 `` There may not be any women left '' , I said . 
 She gave a little UNK and said , `` I don't get off work until eleven o'clock . 
 That's when my evening UNK '' . 
 `` I'll be here at UNK '' , I said . 
 `` Oh , you ! ! 
 '' She announced . 
 `` That's what they all say . 
 What's that thing going UNK in your car '' ? ? 
 I said `` UNK it , that's the automatic signal that shows when the ignition key is on . 
 I didn't turn it off '' . 
 I reached over and switched off the electronic UNK device . 
 She went in to get the hamburgers , and I switched on the device again and kept the signal from UNK car coming in steady and clear until I saw her starting back with the hamburgers . 
 Then I shut off the device again . 
 She wanted to hang around while I was eating . 
 `` Don't you think it's selfish to have dinner before you go to pick her up '' ? ? 
 `` No '' , I said . 
 `` It's a kindness to her . 
 You see , she's on a diet . 
 She'll eat just a pineapple and cottage cheese salad and I'm to have one with her so she won't feel out of place '' . 
 `` UNK can be terrible '' , the girl said . 
 `` How much overweight is she '' ? ? 
 `` Not a bit '' , I said , `` but she's keeping her figure in hand '' . 
 She looked at me UNK . 
 `` Good figures should be kept in hand '' , she said , and walked away with an exaggerated UNK . 
 I turned on the device again , half fearful that I might find silence , but the UNK came in loud and clear . 
 When I switched on the lights for her to come and get the check , I had the exact change plus a dollar tip . 
 The fat man said , `` All we gotta do is go around the corner '' . 
 The gun moved . 
 The thin man said , `` UNK '' . 
 `` -- second building on the right '' . 
 `` -- it says police right on the door '' . 
 `` -- so even if we was as dumb as you take us for , we could still find it '' . 
 Roberta and Dave began to back toward the door . 
 The thin man waved the gun again . 
 He said , `` Right around the corner '' . 
 `` It says water works , but there is a policeman on duty , too '' . 
 `` A night policeman just like in the States . 
 You know '' ? ? 
 `` Canada doesn't have much of this here juvenile delinquency problem , but we keep a night policeman all the same on account of the crazy tourists '' . 
 At the door , Dave paused to feel for the latch . 
 Roberta glanced up at her husband . 
 He was going to be sensible and not try to do anything UNK with that gun pointed at him . 
 She measured the distance from where they stood to the men and the gun , measured the distance from the men to the back room . 
 She decided to risk it . 
 There was something phony about all this gun waving -- something not quite what it seemed in the detailed directions for finding the police . 
 Dave had the latch under his thumb now and he removed his arm from his wife in order to pull the door open . 
 In a flash she was away to the back , paying no attention to three angry shouts from the male throats . 
 She tore open the back door . 
 It was dark inside the room but enough light UNK from the restaurant behind her to enable her to make out a round table with a green cloth top . 
 There was a small UNK with some empty beer bottles on it and perhaps fifteen wooden chairs . 
 Slowly she turned to face the men again . 
 UNK at the counter was on his feet . 
 The distance between where she stood and where Dave waited at the outside door was a hundred miles . 
 UNK her frightened gaze on the men at the counter , she began to feel her way to the door . 
 She UNK along the UNK one step at a time . 
 The gun followed her . 
 As she reached Dave and felt his arm go around her , felt him pull her to the safety of his person , she knew with the certainty of despair that something bad had happened to Lauren . 
 The two men watched as Dave closed the door behind them , watched them cross the sidewalk to their car . 
 It was getting light . 
 The fat man removed his apron , put on a greasy and wrinkled jacket , and UNK it over his UNK . 
 The thin man moved swiftly to the phone and UNK a number . 
 When he was answered , he said , `` Albert ? ? 
 Vince . 
 I'm sending you a couple of customers -- yeah -- just get them out of my hair and keep them out -- I don't give a damn what you tell them -- only don't believe a word they say -- they're out to make trouble for me and it is up to you to stop them -- I don't care how -- and one more thing -- UNK Cafe closed at eleven like always last night and Rose and Clarence UNK left for UNK yesterday -- some shrine or other -- I think it was called Saint UNK -- yeah , yesterday . 
 Got it '' ? ? 
 He turned from the phone and strode to the front of the restaurant . 
 The white UNK hadn't moved away yet . 
 Good . 
 A line of worry formed , a UNK pulled his mouth over to one side . 
 He said , `` Grosse ? ? 
 You ain't kidding me -- the kid don't know the name of this town '' ? ? 
 `` I ain't kidding you , Vince . 
 How could she ? ? 
 She UNK been walking in her sleep -- you seen her yourself in here '' . 
 `` UNK I know '' ? ? 
 `` Remember how she looked when Barney held the door for her ? ? 
 UNK like a UNK ? ? 
 She was just waking up when we found her at the garage '' . 
 Vince swore . 
 `` UNK fools -- ain't got enough brains between the two of you '' -- 
 Grosse muttered , his head down , one hand playing with the UNK on his jacket . 
 `` -- had enough brains to call ya up so as ya could do UNK about it when the parents -- I UNK let her go go '' -- His eyes were lowered , so he couldn't have seen the narrow , pointed face of his companion suddenly UNK with fury ; ; 
 but he was aware of it just the same . 
 He knew Vince UNK was one of those men who had to work up a fury once in a while just to prove how dangerous he could be . 
 With a curse , Vince seized the thing nearest , a glass sugar container with a UNK metal top , and threw it against the wall opposite . 
 The heavy glass didn't break , but the top flew off ; ; 
 sugar sprayed with a UNK that was loud in the silence . 
 Not really startled , but careful to appear so , Grosse sucked noisily on his pipe . 
 Vince cursed steadily . 
 `` Why does everything have to happen to me '' ? ? 
 Grosse quietly got a UNK and started to sweep up the sugar . 
 Vince watched him . 
 His mouth worked over the profanity , the UNK in his vocabulary . 
 Once he said , `` UNK hell didn't you look in the back seat of the car before you drove off ? ? 
 Don't you and Barney ever use your brains '' ? ? 
 The fat man didn't answer . 
 He got one of the UNK and brushed the UNK sugar onto it and carried it to a box on the floor behind the counter . 
 He returned the menu to its place between UNK bottle and paper UNK UNK . 
 He spoke UNK . 
 `` She don't know nothing about them cars . 
 She thinks she's in a ordinary garage '' . 
 `` How do you know , stupid ? ? 
 And put UNK gun back '' . 
 `` I know '' . 
 Grosse tucked the gun under the counter . 
 `` -- one word of this gets to UNK '' -- 
 `` Who's telling UNK '' ? ? 
 Vince swore again . 
 `` You get that kid over to UNK house '' . 
 The fat man winced . 
 He ran a finger down his cheek , tracing the scratch there . 
 `` Why can't I leave her locked up in the tool crib '' ? ? 
 The thin man stopped his pacing long enough to glance at the clock . 
 `` You and Barney get her over to UNK before it gets too light . 
 After UNK left , we'll dump the kid somewhere near the border where she UNK get home . 
 God help you if she knows where she's been '' . 
 Grosse spread his hands . 
 `` What am I going to do with her all day ? ? 
 In the tool crib she can't get away '' . 
 `` What the hell do I care what you do with her all day ? ? 
 Just get her where UNK won't see her and start asking questions '' . 
 Grosse swore now . 
 `` Dammit all , Vince . 
 I ain't no baby sitter '' . 
 Vince shouted finally , `` Get her over to UNK and I'll come by and see that she stays put '' . 
 Grosse rubbed the bridge of his nose where it was swollen . 
 He spoke UNK . 
 `` You don't UNK get nasty . 
 I wish you luck when you try UNK that kid '' . 
 Suddenly he grinned . 
 His voice lost its sullen tones and he chuckled . 
 `` I got one question '' . 
 `` What is it '' ? ? 
 UNK . 
 `` Are you a poor dumb Canadian or a smart UNK from the States '' ? ? 
 Vince lifted his hand as if to strike , but his thin lips spread in a smile . 
 Grosse ducked and UNK . 
 `` Where'd you say you was born '' ? ? 
 `` In a Chicago slum just like you . 
 And I ain't going back there on account of one lousy kid '' . 
 Lauren UNK rubbed her face against the blanket . 
 She had cried a little because she was frightened . 
 She could easily understand why the two men had been startled to find a strange girl in the back seat of their car ( she had figured that out ) , but she couldn't understand their subsequent actions . 
 Was it because she had shown panic ? ? 
 Who could blame her for that ? ? 
 It was one thing to awaken outside a restaurant where your parents were eating and quite another to awaken in a strange garage and know your parents had gone on home without you . 
 She was glad the fat man had left . 
 Barney was not really frightening . 
 She jumped as the little man now appeared at the window and , reaching through the opening , offered her a bottle of UNK . 
 She smiled at him UNK . 
 Although she found she was thirsty , she was about to refuse ( never , never take candy from a strange man ) when she saw the bottle was UNK . 
 He placed a bottle opener on the counter . 
 So , he understood her panic . 
 She blew her nose on a tissue and opened the UNK bottle . 
 It was icy cold and tasted delicious . 
 She felt a lift in spirit . 
 When she was finished she pushed it back . 
 The man was busy doing something to the inside of the UNK on the driver's side of a car . 
 She called softly , `` Barney '' . 
 He looked in her direction but he didn't answer . 
 She said , `` Barney , why is he keeping me here '' ? ? 
 Still no answer . 
 He seemed to be looking at a point above the little window . 
 Lauren said , `` Why can't I call my home ? ? 
 Or borrow some money from someone and go home by bus ? ? 
 I could send the money right back '' . 
 Barney finished the cigarette he had been smoking . 
 He dropped it and carefully ground it to nothing with the sole of his heavy shoe . 
 Now he looked at her . 
 He said , `` I only work here '' . 
 Lauren said , `` Please '' ? ? 
 But he was back at work on a car . 
 She dropped her head on her arms on the counter . 
 How could he be kind one moment and cruel the next ? ? 
 Did he know something that made him feel sad and sorry for her ? ? 
 And was he afraid to do anything as definite as UNK her ? ? 
 Her heart was thumping painfully ; ; 
 the unknown was so much worse than -- what dangers lay ahead for her ? ? 
 What awful thing had she to face in the next few hours ? ? 
 Something wet and hot was UNK on her wrists . 
 UNK ? ? 
 With a sturdy act of will she turned her mind away from herself ; ; 
 as long as she could do nothing constructive about the situation she was in , she would think about something else . 
 Her mother and father , for instance . 
 Where were they now ? ? 
 In her mind she followed the white UNK along the road somewhere between here and the UNK River . 
 Her father's attention would be on the road ahead and it wouldn't UNK an inch until he crossed the bridge at the Falls and took the River Road to UNK and , finally , turned in at their own driveway at UNK UNK Heights . 
 Then he would UNK and stretch and shout , `` All out . 
 This is the end of the line '' . 
 And what would her mother be doing right now ? ? 
 Her mother would be fast asleep curled up against that wonderful , big , safe , solid shoulder next to her on the front seat . 
 Lauren UNK was in trouble and she was alone . 
 Roberta UNK put her hand on her husband's arm as he slid in the driver's seat beside her . 
 Somewhere birds were sweetly calling , were answered . 
 Her teeth UNK so that she made three attempts at speech before she became intelligible . 
 `` Dave . 
 I saw that woman's apron behind the door . 
 There was a wet spot -- she couldn't have been gone long '' . 
 Dave made some sound meant to convey agreement . 
 He inserted the car key in the lock . 
 Roberta was violently trembling . 
 She stammered , `` You heard what he said about police ? ? 
 Why don't we drive around the corner '' ? ? 
 The car door crashed shut . 
 The engine UNK into life . 
 Dave said , `` I got the message . 
 We're going '' . 
 Roberta said , `` no . 
 You go . 
 Walk . 
 Suppose Lauren comes looking for us ? ? 
 I can sit here in the car while you walk around the corner '' . 
 The big car sprang away from the curb like something alive . 
 He said , `` I'm not going to leave my wife and my car out here in sight of those '' -- 
 Roberta glanced at him and stopped trembling . 
 His jowls were UNK by UNK of graying beard . 
 His small , mean eyes regarded Marty steadily , UNK . 
 His eyes were UNK by little UNK of red as if tiny veins had burst and flooded blood into them . 
 As he chewed his gum and UNK UNK breath , Marty UNK the UNK of bad whiskey . 
 Marty recognized the man . 
 He had driven the car that passed them on the road outside UNK place . 
 This was UNK UNK , proprietor of the UNK joint . 
 Marty smiled at UNK pleasantly and said , `` There was a cab waiting for me here . 
 Do you know where it might have gone '' ? ? 
 UNK chewed his gum , his jaw moving in a steady rhythm . 
 He looked straight at Marty . 
 He did not answer . 
 Marty scanned the faces of the others nearest him , looked into their staring eyes . 
 `` Did anyone see my cab '' ? ? 
 He asked , keeping his voice casual . 
 He avoided showing any surprise or annoyance when no one answered him . 
 `` I have to get back to Jarrodsville '' , he went on . 
 `` I see there are some cars here . 
 I wonder if one of you gentlemen could drive me back to town ? ? 
 I'd be happy to pay for the favor , of course '' . 
 The seventeen men stood and stared at him for a moment longer . 
 And then a startling thing occurred . 
 It was so utterly unexpected that Marty stood for several moments with his mouth hanging open UNK after it had happened . 
 There was no word spoken , no apparent signal given . 
 Yet the men all moved at the same instant . 
 They piled into the waiting cars , motors roared , the cars sped off . 
 The station wagon and the old Plymouth headed east toward Jarrodsville . 
 The Ford and the pickup truck sped west toward UNK Run . 
 In seconds all four cars were out of sight . 
 Marty Land stood alone on a UNK road as storm clouds gathered UNK in the sky again . 
 From a great distance thunder growled and broke the silence . 
 Land looked back toward the UNK house . 
 He thought he saw a pale face at a window . 
 Perhaps it was UNK May . 
 Perhaps she would be glad that they hadn't hurt him . 
 There were other UNK nearby . 
 Across the road there was one no more than a hundred yards away . 
 There was another on this side , a little further down . 
 There were many more between here and Jarrodsville . 
 Telephone poles lined the road . 
 They reared tall and mocking . 
 Their wires stretched out into UNK . 
 Not a single strand of wire reached into the silent houses beside the UNK road . 
 There was nothing he could do but walk . 
 And Jarrodsville was more than three miles away , down an old dirt road that the rain had turned into a UNK . 
 Marty faced east and started walking down the left side of the road . 
 After he had proceeded a few feet , he paused and turned up the UNK of his trousers , which were already damp and UNK . 
 The UNK mud was UNK , and in places great UNK spread across the road and reflected the murky light . 
 As he approached the first farmhouse , thunder sounded behind him again , closer now and louder , like a steadily advancing drum corps . 
 There were several people on the porch of the farmhouse . 
 There was a very old man and a young woman and a brood of children ranging from UNK to teen-agers . 
 For just an instant he thought of appealing to them for help . 
 Perhaps they had a car or truck and would drive him into town . 
 Then he realized the utter futility of the idea . 
 They were staring at him in the same blank and menacing way that the men outside the gate had stared . 
 Even the eyes of the smallest children seemed UNK . 
 On his side of the road there were two farm hands , well back in a field , leaning against a plow . 
 They , too , stared at him . 
 The drums of thunder were right behind him now . 
 A foolish thought came into his head . 
 He remembered a story he had read as a youth . 
 It was probably one of UNK tales of the British Army . 
 It concerned an officer who had been UNK and UNK out . 
 The steady roll of the drums had sounded behind him as he walked between the endless ranks of the men he had commanded , and each man UNK and turned his back as the officer approached . 
 Marty wished these poor farm people would turn their backs . 
 The fencing by the roadside ended . 
 Now the dirt highway was UNK on either side by a fairly deep drainage ditch , too broad to leap over unless you were an Olympic star . 
 The day's rain had been added to the stagnant water . 
 He was trapped on the road when he heard the sound of an approaching car . 
 It was coming toward him . 
 The car was now in sight . 
 UNK heart skipped a beat when he recognized it . 
 It was the station wagon that had passed his cab on the road , the station wagon that had been parked at the UNK farm . 
 UNK UNK station wagon . 
 It had headed back toward Jarrodsville . 
 That had only been a UNK to lure him out on the deserted road . 
 Now UNK and his friends were returning to seek him out . 
 The station wagon came to a stop a couple of hundred feet in front of him , beside a UNK field . 
 Then there was another sound . 
 A second car was coming from the west , from the direction of UNK Run . 
 It was the Ford that had been outside UNK farm . 
 Marty looked UNK in both directions . 
 It was a narrow road , barely wide enough for two cars to pass . 
 He could not leave the road because of the UNK drainage ditch . 
 When the two cars were UNK from him , the station wagon started up again and the Ford gathered speed . 
 They bore down on him . 
 There was nothing he could do except jump into the ditch . 
 He jumped , and sank to his knees in muddy water . 
 As the two cars roared by , there was a high-pitched UNK , UNK sound . 
 Marty knew how the Union soldiers must have felt at UNK and UNK and UNK when the ragged gray ranks charged at them , screaming the wild UNK UNK they called the Rebel yell . 
 For moments he stood in water , shivering and gasping for breath . 
 He had turned his ankle slightly , and it UNK him . 
 The cars , with their load of UNK men , had disappeared in the distance . 
 There had been two more cars parked at the farm , a Plymouth and a pickup truck . 
 They would be coming for him next , bearing down on him from both directions . 
 And then the station wagon and the Ford would seek him out again . 
 He would be harassed repeatedly and would escape death by inches time after time , all the way to Jarrodsville . 
 He still had three miles to go . 
 Back East the more UNK juvenile UNK , who could afford UNK UNK instead of switch blades as lethal weapons , played this same game and called it `` Chicken '' . 
 He could not go through the fields . 
 That way was barred on both sides of the road by a high UNK fence . 
 He had to make for the section of road just ahead that was UNK by the rail fence , the section by the farmhouse . 
 At least he could climb up on the fence when his UNK roared by again . 
 The UNK place could not be far now . 
 He would go in there , climb through the window , and at least be safe for a little while and able to rest . 
 There was even a bare chance that the phone had not been disconnected . 
 He did not dare climb back up to the road . 
 He was deep in water , but at least they could not reach him there . 
 He UNK on , mud sucking at his feet with each step , until he reached the end of the drainage ditch and the beginning of the fence that enclosed the farm . 
 He climbed back to the road , and he felt utterly exhausted . 
 He stood , panting , for a moment . 
 And then he saw something that he had not seen before , and panic gripped him again . 
 The fence , his only refuge when the metal death came roaring at him , was made of rails , all right , but the rails were protected by a thick screening of barbed wire that would rip his flesh if he pressed against it . 
 He lurched on down the road despairingly , because there was no place else to go . 
 He lost all sense of dignity . 
 You could not stand on dignity when you were soaked and UNK and your life was at stake . 
 Probably people were watching him from the porch or from behind the windows of this farmhouse , too , but he did not bother to look . 
 He broke into a UNK , breathing heavily , streaming with sweat . 
 He had to reach UNK place . 
 It was his only sanctuary . 
 The fences on both sides of the road UNK with the barbed wire . 
 The fences stretched on endlessly . 
 And then he heard them . 
 And now he saw them . 
 The Plymouth was coming at him from the east , the pickup truck from the west . 
 They had timed it better this time . 
 They would reach him at almost exactly the same instant . 
 He stopped UNK . 
 If he backed against the fence , one of the cars would brush him as it passed , and he would be cruelly UNK by the wire . 
 He stumbled to the middle of the road and simply stood there , waiting for them , a perfect target . 
 The cars must have had their gas UNK pushed down to the floor boards . 
 They were coming on at reckless speed for such old vehicles . 
 They UNK at him . 
 He held his arms close to his sides and made himself as small as possible . 
 When the Plymouth UNK , it UNK toward him and seemed about to run him down . 
 He forced himself to stay frozen there . 
 If he moved , he would be in the path of the other car . 
 He thought the fender of the Plymouth brushed his jacket as it went by . 
 In a fraction of a second the pickup truck UNK by on the other side . 
 The weird , insane sound of the Rebel yell UNK again and echoed from the distant hills . 
 He did not leave the middle of the road . 
 He did not try to run . 
 He trudged on , his aching eyes focused straight ahead . 
 He was nearing the UNK house . 
 He was going to make it , he told himself . 
 And then he heard a car coming from the east , and he felt as if he would break down and weep . 
 `` Oh , no , not again '' , he said aloud . 
 `` Not again so soon '' . 
 There was a new sound , a sound as UNK as the Rebel yell , yet different . 
 It was the sound of a UNK . 
 Now he saw that the approaching car was painted white , and he began to wave his arms frantically . 
 It was the UNK car from the sheriff's office . 
 The car drew up alongside him and stopped . 
 `` Get in '' , Charley UNK said UNK . 
 He staggered into the back seat and lay back , fighting for breath . 
 There was someone in front with the sheriff . 
 It was Pete Holmes , the UNK . 
 Pete turned around and said to Marty , `` I guess you think I'm a UNK hound . 
 But there wasn't no use in me staying there . 
 I couldn't fight a dozen or so of 'em . 
 If I'd stayed , all that I'd have got was four UNK tires and one UNK head . 
 Why didn't you wait at the UNK house ? ? 
 You UNK known I'd gone to get the sheriff . 
 I was lucky they let me go , I guess '' . 
 The sheriff was occupied with maneuvering the car around in a very narrow space . 
 When it was finally pointed east , he said , `` You should never have come out here alone . 
 This is UNK country . 
 Every man in every one of these houses is a Night Rider . 
 Then he turned the telephone over to Rourke , and went into the bedroom to change his slippers for dry socks and shoes . 
 Rourke was talking on the phone when he came back . 
 `` About an hour , UNK ? ? 
 Are you positive '' ? ? 
 He listened a moment and then said , `` Hold it '' . 
 He turned his head and said , `` UNK will definitely be in a back room at the UNK UNK Club on South Beach within an hour . 
 UNK to try and meet him there '' ? ? 
 Shayne looked at his watch . 
 That wasn't too far from Fifth Street , and should allow him to make Scotty's Bar by midnight . 
 He said with satisfaction , `` That's fine , Tim . 
 I'll be there '' . 
 Rourke confirmed the appointment over the phone and hung up . 
 `` I don't know what you're getting into , Mike '' , he said unhappily . 
 `` I hope to Christ . 
 '' 
 Shayne said briskly , `` Grab another drink if you want it . 
 We've got one other call to make before I meet UNK '' . 
 `` Where '' ? ? 
 `` It's out in the Northeast section . 
 Have you got my car here '' ? ? 
 `` It's parked in front '' . 
 Rourke hastily UNK whiskey into his glass on top of UNK UNK . 
 `` I'd better keep on driving yours '' , Shayne decided , `` because I'll be going on over to the Beach . 
 I can drop you back here to pick mine up '' . 
 He went to a closet to get a light jacket , and took his hat from beside the door . 
 Timothy Rourke UNK down the whiskey hastily and joined him , asking , `` Who are we going to call on in the Northeast section '' ? ? 
 `` A lady . 
 That is , maybe not too much of a lady . 
 At least , I want to find out whether she's home yet or not '' . 
 He opened the door and followed Rourke out . 
 In UNK car , Shayne drove east to UNK Boulevard and north toward Felice UNK address which had been given to him by the Peralta UNK . 
 As he drove , he filled in Timothy Rourke briefly on the events of the evening after leaving the reporter to go to the Peralta house , and on his own UNK . 
 `` I want to be in Scotty's Bar at midnight when UNK makes her phone call there '' , he ended grimly . 
 `` I don't know whether that threatening letter of hers has anything to do with this situation or not , but I want to see who takes the call '' . 
 `` This deal at Las UNK UNK where the two UNK jumped you '' , said Rourke with interest , `` that sounds like it was set up with UNK UNK by the UNK Mrs. Peralta , doesn't it '' ? ? 
 `` It does '' , Shayne grunted UNK , still able to taste her mouth on his in the Green UNK parking lot . 
 `` That story of hers about an UNK note directing her to be there tonight sounds completely phony . 
 If it was designed to put me on the spot , it would have to have been written before Peralta ever called me in on the case '' . 
 `` Do you think Laura did have the UNK UNK made without her husband's knowledge '' ? ? 
 `` I haven't the UNK idea . 
 I think her husband strongly suspects so , and that's why he called me in on the thing in direct defiance of his UNK and almost certainly without telling them why he was doing so . 
 Isn't this UNK street '' ? ? 
 Shayne asked , peering ahead at the partially obscured street sign . 
 Rourke could see it better out the right-hand side , and he said , `` yes . 
 Turn to the left , I think , for that number you gave me . 
 Not more than a block or so '' . 
 Shayne got in the left-hand lane and cut across the Boulevard UNK . 
 There was a small , UNK restaurant and cocktail lounge on the southeast corner of the intersection as he turned into the quiet , UNK street where most of the houses on both sides were older two-story mansions , now cut up into furnished rooms and housekeeping apartments . 
 Shayne drove westward from the Boulevard slowly , letting Rourke UNK his head out the window and watch for street numbers . 
 A single automobile was parked half-way up the block on the left-hand side . 
 Shayne noted idly that it carried Miami Beach license plates as he approached , and then saw the UNK of a match in the front seat as they passed , indicating that it was occupied . 
 He turned to see the UNK faces of two men in the parked car just as Rourke said , `` It's the next house , Mike . 
 On the right '' . 
 Instead of pulling into the curb , Shayne increased his speed slightly to the corner where he swung left . 
 He went around the corner and parked , turning off his lights and motor . 
 `` I told you , Mike '' , said Rourke in an UNK voice . 
 `` It was back there . 
 '' 
 Shayne said , `` I know it was , Tim '' . 
 His voice was chilling and cold . 
 `` Did you see the car parked across the street '' ? ? 
 `` I didn't notice it . 
 I was watching for numbers . 
 '' 
 `` It has a Beach license , Tim . 
 Two men in the front seat . 
 I got a quick look at their faces as we went past . 
 Unless I'm crazy as hell , they're two of UNK UNK . 
 A couple named Harris and Geely . 
 Those names mean anything to you '' ? ? 
 `` Wait a minute , Mike . 
 In UNK office this evening . 
 '' 
 Shayne nodded grimly . 
 `` The pair whom UNK is officially UNK for slapping me around and pulling me in '' . 
 `` What are they doing here '' ? ? 
 `` A UNK , I suppose . 
 On Felice Perrin . 
 Maybe with specific orders to see that I don't make contact with her . 
 I'm not positive , Tim . 
 I may be wrong . 
 I'll slide out and walk around the block back to the cocktail lounge on UNK . 
 You drive on and circle back and pull up beside them parked there . 
 You're a reporter , and you're looking for Miss Perrin to interview her . 
 Make them show their hands . 
 If they are Beach cops on a UNK , they'll admit it to a reporter . 
 They've got no official standing on this side of the Bay . 
 As soon as you find out if they are Geely and Harris , come on around to the lounge where I'll be waiting '' . 
 Shayne opened the door on his side and stepped out . 
 Timothy Rourke UNK UNK as he slid under the wheel . 
 `` The things you talk me into , Mike . 
 '' 
 Shayne chuckled . 
 `` How often do they add up to headlines ? ? 
 You should complain '' . 
 He crossed the street and walked swiftly southward to circle back to the Boulevard and north a block to the open restaurant . 
 He was standing at the end of the bar enjoying a slug of cognac when Rourke came in six or eight minutes later . 
 The reporter nodded as he moved up beside him at the bar . 
 Shayne told the bartender , `` Bourbon and water '' , and Rourke told him , `` It's those two , all right . 
 Harris and Geely . 
 I made them show me their identification before I could be persuaded not to call on Felice Perrin '' . 
 Shayne said happily , `` I've got it all worked out , Tim . 
 Take your time with your drink . 
 I'll beat it . 
 In exactly three minutes , go in that phone booth behind you and call Police Headquarters . 
 Be excited and don't identify yourself . 
 Just say that a couple of UNK are having a hell of a fight down the street , and they better send a patrol car . 
 Then hang up fast and come walking on down to the Perrin address . 
 I'll be waiting for you there '' . 
 The bartender brought UNK drink and Shayne laid a UNK bill on the bar . 
 He said in a low voice , `` I've got a date with a lady , Mister . 
 Will that pay for a pint I can take with me . 
 You know how it is '' , he added with a UNK wink . 
 `` UNK is UNK , but liquor is quicker and you don't have any candy for sale here anyhow '' . 
 `` We sure don't '' . 
 The bartender winked back at him and UNK the bill . 
 He turned away and returned in a moment with a pint of brandy in a small paper sack which he slid over the counter to Shayne . 
 As the detective slid it into his pocket , Rourke asked sadly , `` What in hell are you going to do , Mike '' ? ? 
 `` Make a couple of UNK detectives named Geely and Harris wish to God they'd stayed out of my way this afternoon . 
 Three minutes , Tim '' . 
 Shayne strode out UNK , and Rourke checked his watch and UNK his drink , getting a dime ready to make the telephone call to the police . 
 Outside , Shayne hesitated when he saw that Rourke had parked his UNK directly in front of the bar headed south . 
 He walked over to the right-hand door , opened it and got the UNK automatic out of the glove compartment and put it in his hip pocket . 
 He hoped he wouldn't be forced to use it in taking care of the Beach detectives , but its weight was comforting at his hip . 
 On this side of the Bay , Miami Beach cops had no more legal rights than any ordinary citizen , and UNK pistol permit was just as good as theirs . 
 He went swiftly up the sidewalk toward the parked car with the two Beach detectives in the front seat . 
 He UNK the brim of his hat low as he approached , stepped out into the street just behind the car and strode around to the right-hand side . 
 The big , UNK man named Geely was on that side , UNK in the seat toward his UNK companion so that his back partially rested against the closed door . 
 Shayne turned the handle and jerked the door open before either of the men were quite aware of his presence in the night . 
 Geely grunted and slid partly out , and UNK left arm UNK in around his neck to help him , while he set himself solidly on the roadway and swung his right fist to the big , UNK jaw before Geely could straighten up . 
 Shayne stepped back to let him slump to the ground , and then dived over him through the open door into Harris who was cursing loudly and trying to drag a gun from a shoulder holster , somewhat impeded by the steering wheel . 
 Shayne locked his big hands around UNK thin neck and dragged him out over the seat into the roadway . 
 He hit him once on the sharp point of his chin and felt the body go limp . 
 He dropped him into the street a couple of feet away from UNK UNK figure and stared down at both of them for a moment before kicking the big man lightly in the side . 
 He didn't stir . 
 They were both breathing heavily , out cold , and Shayne didn't think either of them had recognized him or could describe him . 
 He got the pint of liquor out of his pocket and UNK the top , sprinkled the pungent stuff liberally over both men , and then tossed the open bottle in on the front seat . 
 He turned , then , to look toward the lighted Boulevard , and saw UNK tall , UNK figure come out of the lounge and UNK start to angle across the street toward the opposite side . 
 Shayne strolled across to intercept the reporter in front of the two-story house where Felice Perrin lived , and asked casually , `` Get the police okay '' ? ? 
 `` Sure . 
 Said they'd have a patrol car here fast . 
 Let's get inside . 
 What happened with you '' ? ? 
 `` Why the two damned fools got all excited when they saw the bottle , and knocked each other out cold '' , Shayne said UNK . 
 `` They'll have fun explaining that to the Miami cops . 
 Got no business over here on a UNK anyway '' . 
 They went up onto a front porch and into a small hallway where a dim bulb burned high in the ceiling . 
 A row of mailboxes along the wall had numbers and names on them . 
 Shayne found one marked Perrin Aj . 
 The stairway on the right was dark , but there was a UNK at the bottom which lighted another dim bulb at the top , and they went up . 
 There were two front rooms , both dark behind their UNK , and there was no sound or light in the entire house to indicate that any of the occupants were awake . 
 Eight , nine steps above him , Roberts had paused . 
 Mickey paused with him , waiting , no longer impatient , trying now to think it out , do a little planning . 
 He looked down over the banister at the hotel desk , with the telephone and pen set . 
 If I could call in , they could check the story while we were on our way . 
 I wouldn't have to tell them I had Roberts -- 
 Then he heard it , like a muffled UNK , felt a subtle change in air pressure . 
 He glanced up in time to see Roberts hurtling down on him from above , literally flying through the air , his bloody face twisted . 
 Mickey tried to UNK against the banister , gripped it with one hand , but Roberts' full weight struck him at that moment in the groin . 
 He gasped for air and the impact tore his hand from the rail . 
 He tumbled with Roberts , helpless and in agony , over and over , down the steps . 
 By a UNK effort , he managed to hunch and draw in , to take the final fall on his back and shoulders rather than his head . 
 He was fuzzy in his mind and , for a moment , helpless on the lobby floor , but he was conscious , and free of the weight of Roberts' body . 
 When his vision cleared he saw the taller one UNK upward , reaching . 
 Mickey was on his knees when Roberts turned on the stairs and the razor flashed in his hand . 
 He felt his empty pocket and knew that Roberts had retrieved the only weapon at hand . 
 UNK eyes fixed on the other's feet , which would first betray the moment and direction of an attack . 
 He rose stiffly , forcing his knees to lock . 
 The UNK pain in his groin nearly brought him down again . 
 He made himself back off slowly , his eyes wary on Roberts , who now had no more to lose than he . 
 The pain UNK as he moved , and he UNK inside . 
 After a moment he extended one hand , the fingers curled . 
 `` Come on '' , he said . 
 `` You want to be that big a fool -- I was hoping for this '' . 
 Roberts brushed at his eyes with his free hand and started down the steps . 
 He held the razor well out to one side . 
 He was UNK to attack , but he could be handled , Mickey knew , if he could be brought to make the first move . 
 They were eight feet apart when Roberts cleared the last step . 
 Mickey waited with slack arms . 
 `` Any time , Roberts '' , he said . 
 `` Or would it be easier if I put my hands in my pockets '' ? ? 
 The taunt was lost on Roberts . 
 He advanced slowly , directly , giving no hint of a UNK to either side . 
 He was just short of UNK reach when he stopped . 
 Mickey backed off two steps , forcing him to come on again . 
 There was a fixed grin on Roberts' face , made hideous by the swollen nose and the UNK blood . 
 Mickey backed off again and Roberts hesitated , then came along . 
 They moved in a series of rhythmic fits and starts , a UNK dance -- two steps back , two steps forward , two steps back . 
 Mickey felt his shoulders come up against the wall beside the heavy slab front door . 
 This was going to be it now , any second , and what he had to remember was to keep his eye on the razor , no matter what , even if Roberts should UNK with a kick to the groin , the deadly hand was his exclusive concern . 
 The kick came , sudden and vicious but short . 
 UNK guts twisted with the effort , but he kept his eye on the weapon . 
 It moved in a silver arc toward his throat , then UNK downward . 
 He UNK his left shoulder into it and slashed at Roberts' UNK with his own , felt the blade slide off his sleeve . 
 Before Roberts could move inside to cut upward toward his face , he slammed his right fist into Roberts' belly . 
 Roberts UNK and slashed at him wildly . 
 UNK , Mickey UNK and fell to one side , landing heavily on the wood floor . 
 Then Roberts was on him , gasping for breath and for a couple of seconds Mickey lost sight of the blade . 
 He felt it rip at the side of his jacket and a momentary sting under his left ribs . 
 He got a knee up into Roberts' belly , used both hands and heaved him clear , then scrambled to his feet . 
 They were in the center of the lobby now . 
 Still clutching the razor , Roberts came up into a crouch , shaking his head . 
 When he charged Mickey was ready . 
 He hit Roberts with his left fist in the ribs and the razor cut toward him UNK , then UNK in UNK . 
 With his right fist , and nearly all his weight behind it , he smashed at the UNK face . 
 Roberts UNK backward , his back arched , fought for balance and , failing , stumbled against the UNK post at the foot of the stairs . 
 The sound of his head striking the solid wood was an ultimate , UNK sound . 
 He fell on his side across the lowest step , rolled over once , then lay still . 
 Mickey found himself leaning against the desk , with stiff hands , panting for breath . 
 After a minute he went to Roberts , looked at one of his eyes and felt for a pulse . 
 He couldn't feel any . 
 Roberts appeared to be dead ; ; 
 if not yet , then soon , very soon . 
 Suddenly it was cold in the lobby . 
 12 
 It seemed to him that a long time had passed before he decided what to do . 
 Actually it was no more than eight or ten minutes , and the sum of his reasoning came to this : 
 There's no way to take him in now and keep those other two -- UNK and the one who hired the two of them -- from finding out about Roberts and UNK out . 
 The local law here would hold me till they check clear back home , and maybe more than that . 
 They would have to . 
 By then they could never catch up with the others . 
 There's no other way ; ; 
 I'll have to do it myself . 
 He looked at where Roberts lay sprawled on the step . 
 Mickey was sure now he was dead . 
 One thing , he thought , nobody knows about it yet . 
 Only me . 
 He climbed the stairs , went into Roberts' room , found a suitcase and packed as much into it as he could . 
 He left a few things . 
 It didn't have to be perfect . 
 Roberts was a UNK . 
 Walking away on impulse , he might logically leave behind what it was UNK to carry . 
 When he had closed the suitcase he found a rag and moved about the room , wiping carefully everything he might have touched . 
 It took him nearly an hour . 
 He went to the room he had rented and got into his overcoat . 
 He left the rest of his things and returned to the lobby . 
 He set Roberts' suitcase near the front door , went outside and walked back to the garage . 
 He was mildly surprised to find it was snowing . 
 It UNK softly , silently , an UNK interruption of his vision against the night sky . 
 He could feel it on his face and in his hair . 
 He found the key to the Jeep , got it started and warmed it up for five minutes . 
 Then he backed out and swung around to the front drive . 
 He went into the hotel and searched till he found the razor . 
 He put it in his own pocket for UNK . 
 He took the suitcase out to the Jeep and put it in the front seat . 
 Then he went back for Roberts . 
 The body was heavier than he had anticipated . 
 He got it onto his shoulder after some work and carried it outside and down to the Jeep . 
 He dumped it into the back and made sure it wouldn't roll out , then returned to the porch and closed the front door , making sure it was unlocked . 
 He drove carefully in the direction of the brief tour they had taken earlier . 
 It UNK continuously , but quietly , evenly . 
 When he reached the dip in the woods , he saw that already the earlier UNK were barely discernible . 
 The Jeep fought its way through the low spot and got onto higher ground . 
 He drove in low gear to the fork in the road and swung as close as possible to the entrance to the abandoned mine . 
 He parked facing it and left the headlights on , but when he started into the tunnel with the suitcase , he found the illumination extended no farther than half a dozen feet into the passage . 
 He went back and got the flashlight , returned to the tunnel and carried the suitcase to the edge of the pit he had found earlier . 
 He tossed the bag into the pit and watched dry dust spray up around it . 
 When the dust settled , he went back to the Jeep and carefully worked Roberts' body onto his shoulder . 
 It wasn't like carrying the suitcase . 
 The soft snow was UNK underfoot . 
 Twice he nearly fell . 
 Inside the passage , he had to work his way over the fallen timber and nearly collapsed under his clumsy burden . 
 By the time he reached the edge of the pit he was panting and his shoulder and back UNK under the drag of the dead weight . 
 He stood looking down for a few seconds , then backed up two or three paces from the edge . 
 There was too much weight casually to toss it away . 
 He could feel himself falling in with it and being unable to get out . 
 It would be a bad place to die . 
 It was a bad place for Roberts to wind up , but Roberts had asked for it . 
 It was too late to worry about that . 
 He knelt slowly and dumped the corpse onto the floor of the tunnel . 
 It was a relief to get rid of the weight . 
 He was shaking with tension and it took him a couple of minutes to get his breath and settle down . 
 Then he got on his knees and rolled Roberts' body toward the edge . 
 It hung momentarily on the point of dropping off . 
 He gave it a strong push , heard it slide , then UNK dryly into the hole . 
 He got to his feet and threw the flashlight beam into the pit . 
 The body lay in an awkward UNK twelve or fifteen feet below the level of the tunnel floor . 
 Deep enough , he decided . 
 There was little chance anyone would enter this shaft during the winter . 
 The external signs of his approach to it would be covered by the snow , probably by the next day . 
 It wasn't cold enough in the tunnel to preserve the body intact . 
 By spring it would be a UNK . 
 He made his way back to the Jeep . 
 He had started to back into the turn when he remembered the razor in his pocket . 
 He climbed down , went back into the tunnel and tossed the razor into the pit . 
 It landed on Roberts' sprawled right thigh , poised UNK , then slid off to the ground . 
 He went back once more to the Jeep and started the short drive to the hotel . 
 In the garage he checked the Jeep for signs of the use he had made of it . 
 There were stains here and there and he cleaned them off , using an UNK rag he found on a nail . 
 He wiped the steering wheel and all the places he might have touched the Jeep . 
 He replaced the flashlight where it had been UNK , got into his own car and backed it out of the garage . 
 There were tire marks where it had been , but they were UNK by others and on the dusty floor would not be noticeable except under close scrutiny . 
 UNK UNK , he thought , might spend some time UNK for her lost lover , but he doubted that she would launch an investigation . 
 He judged her to be a woman of some pride , though not much sense . 
 Still she would probably have sense enough not to call in the local sheriff to find her boy friend who , apparently , had run away . 
 He put in a call to Cunningham from his hotel room . 
 The maid answered and he decided Nancy must be at work . 
 UNK cautioned him not to be too hopeful and then , ignoring his own advice , said excitedly , `` But it does sound good . 
 A woman named Lisa who tells nobody anything about herself . 
 That courtyard picture with the same UNK '' . 
 `` I'm not exactly jumping up and down with enthusiasm . 
 I'll call you in a day or so '' . 
 On the highway he relaxed and enjoyed the drive over Lake UNK and along the coast . 
 Gulf Springs was ten miles UNK -- more of a quaint old coast town than those along the beach made UNK by tourist attractions . 
 He checked into a motel and drove downtown . 
 The UNK was a UNK building minus the customary dome . 
 Instead of the usual UNK UNK UNK and patches of bare dirt in most small-town squares , the building was UNK in by a UNK growth of UNK and UNK and a smooth lawn the UNK UNK shade of UNK grass . 
 He figured his best bet was a call on the sheriff . 
 A clerk in the outer office took him in to Sheriff Carruthers , a big , UNK man with thick , white hair and a voice with a UNK resonance which suggested he should be running for higher office . 
 UNK in front of the desk , Hank said , `` I'm looking for some information with very little to go on , Sheriff '' . 
 He explained the background of the case , ending with the tenuous clue which had brought him to Gulf Springs . 
 The sheriff's swivel chair tilted back . 
 `` So you're looking for a woman who married a man who might have lived here a year ago and might have been poisoned . 
 If there was such a person , I'm afraid she got away with it . 
 UNK we don't know more about him . 
 I think the best bet is to go through the society columns of last year and see if any of the UNK match with the UNK a little later . 
 It'll be a tedious job , but if you want to try it , the old newspaper files are in the basement here in the county UNK office '' . 
 `` Maybe the society editor would remember a good-looking out-of-town bride '' . 
 `` That's an idea . 
 Mrs. Calhoun has been society editor here for twenty-five years . 
 The editor says that marriages may be made in heaven , but UNK are made in Mrs. UNK columns . 
 She's the one who decides which wedding is to get the lead space in the Sunday paper and all that '' . 
 He smiled . 
 `` Once , when the editor was just out of the hospital from a UNK operation , Mrs. Calhoun and the mother of the bride went out to his house and fought it out beside his bed . 
 She'd be sure to remember any bride who was vague about background . 
 She'd have made a great scientist dedicated to UNK down UNK and environment . 
 She'd also remember if the groom died later '' . 
 He stood up . 
 `` I wish you good luck , but please don't dig up too tough a case for me this close to election . 
 If you find out anything , come on back here and we'll get started on it '' . 
 UNK down Mrs. Calhoun was like trying to catch up with Paul UNK between Lexington and Concord . 
 It turned out that she also sold real estate , cosmetics , and hospital insurance . 
 The UNK UNK stretched into the afternoon -- from newspaper plant to insurance office to her house and back to the newspaper , where he found her at five o'clock . 
 She was a large woman with a UNK gray UNK cut and a pencil clamped like a bit between her teeth while she hunted and UNK on an old typewriter . 
 It took a couple of minutes to run through her various businesses and get down to the one he wanted . 
 `` Last year ? ? 
 Well , I do remember one . 
 From Baton Rouge . 
 UNK a man named Vincent Black . 
 I remember her because she didn't want her picture in the paper . 
 First bride like that I've seen in twenty-five years '' . 
 `` What reason did she give '' ? ? 
 `` Said she had a UNK on her face -- some sort of UNK -- and none of her old pictures was good enough . 
 I didn't see her till several days later at the wedding , and her face looked like it had never had a UNK on it . 
 But , of course , you couldn't see too well through the veil '' . 
 `` Was her name Lisa UNK '' ? ? 
 `` Now how in hell would I remember that '' ? ? 
 `` Never mind . 
 I can look it up . 
 Do they still live here '' ? ? 
 `` I think they moved away shortly after they were married . 
 He was a salesman for something or other and must have been transferred . 
 I'm sure it'll be in the files . 
 We usually run a social note when somebody moves away '' . 
 He stood up and thanked her . 
 `` Have they inherited some money or something '' ? ? 
 She asked with a UNK gleam in her eye . 
 He said vaguely , `` Well , it is a little legal matter , but nothing like that '' . 
 He hurried across to the UNK and caught the sheriff just as he was leaving . 
 `` UNK like what you're after '' , he said when Hank had finished . 
 `` Come on , let's hurry down before they lock up for the day '' . 
 In the basement the sheriff took him to a small , dingy office occupied by a tall , thin man informal in UNK shirt sleeves . 
 `` Mr. UNK Hirey UNK , chairman of the board of supervisors . 
 Mr. UNK is a private detective , Hirey . 
 UNK to look up something in the newspaper files , so don't lock him in here '' . 
 `` Sure '' , said Hirey . 
 `` I'll just leave the door open . 
 It UNK when you close it , so stay as long as you like '' . 
 Carruthers crossed the room to a metal door with an open UNK in the top half . 
 He pulled it open . 
 `` Now don't shut this door . 
 It won't open from inside . 
 Before we built the new jail , we used to keep prisoners in here overnight sometimes when the old jail got too crowded . 
 Hirey treats himself a lot better than we do prisoners . 
 They were a sight more comfortable than the ones in the jail with the cold air from UNK air conditioner coming through the UNK '' . 
 He walked past the sheriff into a UNK room with shelves full of big , UNK volumes from floor to ceiling all around the walls . 
 A metal table and four chairs stood in the center . 
 `` They're all here , back to 1865 '' , Carruthers told him . 
 `` It's all right to smoke , but make sure your cigarettes are out before you leave . 
 And , of course , you know not to take clippings '' . 
 `` I'll leave the air conditioner on for you , Mr. UNK '' , said Hirey . 
 `` Don't forget to turn it off and close the door good so it'll latch '' . 
 Hank thanked them and promised to observe the rules . 
 When they had gone , he stood for a minute breathing in the UNK of old paper and leather which the busily UNK air conditioner couldn't quite UNK . 
 Chapter fourteen 
 In a tour around the UNK , he found that the earliest volumes began on the left and progressed UNK around the room . 
 An old weakness for UNK in records rose up to UNK him . 
 It was , indeed , all here -- almost a century . 
 From reconstruction to moon rockets . 
 But he pulled away from the irrelevant old volumes and walked around to the newer ones . 
 Last year's volume was at the top a couple of inches below the ceiling . 
 Near it was a metal ladder on UNK attached to the top shelf . 
 He pulled it over , climbed up , and lifted out the big volume , almost losing his balance from the weight of it . 
 He staggered over and dropped it on the table . 
 Since Mrs. Calhoun remembered only that the marriage had been in the spring , he started to UNK through several months . 
 He tried to turn right to the society page in each one , but interesting stories kept UNK up to UNK him . 
 At last he found it in the paper of April 2 . 
 It told him little more than Mrs. Calhoun had remembered , stating that it had been a small , modest wedding compared to some of the others . 
 There was a marked contrast in the amount of information on bride and groom . 
 Mr. Black's life was an open book , so to speak , from his birth in Jackson , Mississippi , through his UNK days at UNK and his attainment of a UNK degree , which had presumably prepared him for his career as district sales manager for UNK Business UNK . 
 The one line on the bride said she was Miss Lisa UNK from Baton Rouge . 
 No mention of New Orleans . 
 Hank was beginning to feel sharp concern for Mr. Black . 
 If Mrs. Black was who he thought she was , Mr. Black's UNK selling days might well be over . 
 Now for their UNK from Gulf Springs . 
 This time the search took twice as long , cutting down on his extra reading , for he had to pick through several columns of one- and UNK social notes in each issue . 
 He found it in the edition of May 15 . 
 The item said Mr. and Mrs. Black had moved to Jackson , his home town -- so the lovely Lisa had been with him a year ago . 
 Next on his program was a call to the Jackson office of UNK Business UNK to find out if Vincent Black was still with them -- or , more specifically , still with us . 
 He glanced at his watch , saw it was only seven , and decided to indulge his weakness now . 
 For the next hour he scrambled happily up and down the ladder , sharing the excitement of reporters who had seen UNK UNK , the UNK Theater fire in Chicago , and the UNK trial . 
 In the middle of the stock market crash , he heard a slight noise in the outer office . 
 He turned around , saw nothing , and decided it must be a mouse . 
 Something else distracted him , yet there was no sound , only UNK silence . 
 Then he knew it was not sound , but lack of it . 
 The air conditioner was no longer running . 
 He jumped up and turned around to see the metal door closing . 
 It UNK shut as he sprang toward it . 
 He pressed his face against the UNK . 
 `` Who's there '' ? ? 
 The light shining through the UNK dimly UNK the office beyond -- enough for him to see there was no one there . 
 Then he heard the outer door closing . 
 `` Hey , come back '' , he shouted . 
 He thought it must be some damn janitor or cleaning woman UNK around , figuring that Hirey had gone off and forgotten to turn off everything and lock up . 
 Then the faint beginnings of fear stirred in his mind . 
 Unless he was UNK , the person who'd just left couldn't have missed seeing Hank through the open door of the brightly lighted room . 
 And even if he'd somehow missed seeing him , he wouldn't have gone off and left the light on and door open in the file room . 
 Whoever it was had meant to shut him up in here , had followed him and waited till the UNK and square were deserted . 
 But why ? ? 
 To search his room at the motel ? ? 
 To come back later and kill him after the stores had closed around the square and everybody had left ? ? 
 No , they could kill him just as easy right now . 
 Nobody could hear what was going on in this underground UNK . 
 Then he heard it and smelled it -- the steady hissing , the dread , familiar UNK of gas escaping . 
 It must be coming from an upright heater against the far wall in the UNK office . 
 Until now , UNK UNK and UNK UNK had been like an UNK which he could UNK at his own pace and choosing . 
 Except for those minutes in her room , he had lost touch with her as a reality . 
 UNK obsession and UNK UNK UNK had UNK him into thinking of UNK and UNK , separately or together , as a legend . 
 They kept drifting apart and merging again in his mind like some minute form of life on a microscope slide . 
 `` Well '' -- said Mr. Skyros . 
 `` I take a little time to think it over '' . 
 It was awkward : very awkward . 
 There would be all the nuisance of UNK someone else to take over . 
 Someone reasonably UNK . 
 And Angie would hear about it . 
 And Angie knew -- 
 `` Time '' , said Angie , and he smiled very sweet and slow at Mr. Skyros . 
 `` Not too much time , because I'll be needing some more myself pretty much right away . 
 And I done favors for you , big favor not so long back , didn't I , and I'm right here to take on where Pretty left off . 
 No trouble . 
 I don't want no trouble , you don't want no trouble , nobody wants trouble , Mr. Skyros '' . 
 Dear heaven , no , thought Mr. Skyros , turning away as another man came in . 
 He straightened his tie at the mirror with a shaking hand ; ; 
 the genial smile seemed painted on his face . 
 Angie knew -- UNK of dangerous information ! ! 
 Angie knew too much entirely already . 
 Really he had Mr. Skyros at bay 
 `` Big favor I done you . 
 UNK there's this deal o' UNK -- and UNK -- kinda UNK fire , ain't it , maybe you've been kinda UNK over that . 
 And can't say I blame you '' , said Angie thoughtfully . 
 `` This deal with the ace o' spades . 
 Anything to do with an ace o' spades , bad luck '' . 
 UNK of spades -- a widow , that was what they called a widow , these UNK UNK remembered Mr. Skyros UNK . 
 All about that Angie knew , too . 
 When things got a little out of hand , they very rapidly got a lot out of hand -- it seemed to be a general rule . 
 All just by chance , and in a way tracing back to poor Frank , all of it , because naturally -- brothers , living together -- and Angie -- 
 Mr. Skyros did not at all like the look on UNK UNK , almost UNK good-looking face -- or indeed anything about Angelo . 
 Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; ; 
 he found money much more interesting ; ; 
 but all the same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which Angelo earned his living -- and paid for his own stuff -- and eyed the soft smile , and the UNK dark eyes , and he felt a little ill . 
 `` Look , my friend '' , he said , `` in my life I learn , how is it the proverb says , better an UNK of prevention to a pound of cure . 
 I stay in business so long because I'm careful . 
 Two weeks , a month , we talk it over again , and maybe if nothing happens meanwhile to say the cops know this and that , then we make a little deal , isn't it '' ? ? 
 `` That's a long while '' , said Angie . 
 `` I tell you , you want to leave it that way , I don't fool around with it . 
 I go over to Castro and get fixed up there . 
 I can't wait no two weeks '' . 
 And Mr. Skyros didn't like Angie , but what with UNK and three of his boys inside , and not likely to come out -- And Angie such a valuable salesman , UNK said -- All the nuisance and danger of getting in touch with practically a whole new bunch of boys -- Why did everything have to happen at once ? ? 
 UNK said UNK , `` Why , you ain't turning Angie down , are you , Mr. Skyros ? ? 
 I mean , we all figured -- I guess UNK figure -- Angie '' -- 
 Angelo gave him an affectionate smile . 
 `` Mr. Skyros too smart a fellow want to get rid of me '' , he said . 
 `` It's O.K. , UNK , UNK O.K. Ain't it , Mr. Skyros '' ? ? 
 Oh , God , the name repeated over and over , anybody to hear -- Not being a fool , Mr. Skyros knew why . 
 But aside from everything else , it would scarcely be pleasant to have dealings with one who was UNK an UNK and actually held -- you could say -- the whip hand . 
 And all because of UNK ! ! 
 If Mr. Skyros had dreamed of all the trouble that young man would eventually cause -- 
 Of course , there was another factor . 
 Angie worth his weight in gold right now , but these users , they sometimes went down fast . 
 Who knew , Angie might not last long . 
 The sweat broke out on Mr. UNK forehead as he realized he had been actually thinking -- hoping -- planning -- perhaps -- 
 Good God above , had not UNK been enough ? ? 
 He patted UNK thin shoulder UNK . 
 `` Now you don't want to go talking that way '' , he said . 
 `` Sure , sure , you're the one take over for Pretty , soon as I get the supply , get started up again , isn't it ? ? 
 You don't need worry , Angelo . 
 I tell you , I know how it is with you , my friend , I sympathize , and I'll make it a special point -- a special favor -- get in touch , and get some stuff just for you . 
 I don't know if I can manage it tonight or tomorrow , but I'll try my best , my friend . 
 You see , you got to remember , we all got schedules , like any business ! ! 
 My man , he won't be around a little while , he just fixed me up with this stuff they took out of the UNK . 
 It's awkward , you see that , isn't it '' ? ? 
 `` Well , that's your business , Mr. Skyros '' , said Angie , and his dreamy eyes moved past Mr. UNK shoulder to gaze vaguely out the UNK window . 
 `` I appreciate it , you do that . 
 Sure . 
 We don't none of us want no trouble . 
 I'm in a room over the Golden Club on San UNK , you just ask for me there , you want see me . 
 Or maybe I call you -- tonight ? ? 
 About nine o'clock , I call and see if you got any . 
 A couple decks for me , Mr. Skyros -- and UNK to sell , see , I like to have a little ready cash '' . 
 `` Oh , now , I don't know about that much '' , said Mr. Skyros . 
 `` And you know , Angelo , Pretty , he always keeps it a strict cash basis , like they say '' -- 
 `` Sure '' , said Angie . 
 `` Sure , Mr. Skyros . 
 Fifty a throw , that the deal ? ? 
 Sure . 
 I bring you the cash , say five hundred for ten decks . 
 Never mind how much I cut it , how much I get '' , and he smiled his sleepy smile again . 
 `` Standard deal , Mr. Skyros . 
 You go UNK have a look round for it '' . 
 `` I do my best '' , said Mr. Skyros earnestly , `` just for you , my friend . 
 This is awkward for everybody , isn't it , we all got to put up with UNK sometimes . 
 But I do my best for you '' . 
 He got out of there in a hurry , brushing past another man in the door , UNK his brow . 
 The expedient thing -- yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations . 
 It could all be straightened out later . 
 Not very much later , but when things had settled down a little . 
 After this deal with the UNK woman went through . 
 An ace of spades . 
 He was not a UNK man , but he felt perhaps there was a little something in that , indeed . 
 He rather wished he had never got into the business , and still -- scarcely to be resisted , a nice little profit with not much work involved , easy money 
 UNK UNK , who would be Katharine Ross so very soon now , rang up her first sale of the day and counted back the change . 
 She did not notice that the customer seized her purchase and turned away without a smile or a word of thanks . 
 Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you didn't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they'd take offense , threaten to call the manager . 
 UNK how seldom they did : used to it , probably . 
 The kind who came into a cheap store like this ! ! 
 Grab , snatch , I saw that first ! ! 
 And , Here , I'll take this , I was before her , you wait on me now or I don't bother with it , see ! ! 
 This kind of place 
 She'd be through here , just no time at all -- leave this kind of thing UNK behind . 
 Off at noon , and she'd never come back . 
 Never have to . 
 Money -- a lot of money , enough . 
 She'd be smart about it , get him to give it to her in little bills so's nobody would suspect -- maybe couldn't get it until Monday account of that , the banks -- But that wasn't really long to wait . 
 Not when she'd waited so long already . 
 No need say anything at all to the old woman . 
 She had it all planned out , how she'd do . 
 She'd say she didn't feel good on Sunday , couldn't go to church -- UNK be a little argument , but she could be stubborn -- and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she'd need to take , all but the dress she'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime . 
 Then on Monday morning -- or it might have to be Tuesday -- get up and leave just the usual time , and last thing , put the money in an envelope under the old woman's purse there in the drawer . 
 She wouldn't be going to get that for an hour or so after UNK had left , go do the daily shopping . 
 No need leave a note with it , either -- or maybe just something like , Don't worry about me , I'm going away to make a better life . 
 A better life . 
 Escape . 
 It wasn't as if she wanted much . 
 She didn't mind working hard , not as if she figured to do anything wrong to live easy and soft -- all she wanted was a chance , where she wasn't marked as what she was . 
 To be Katharine Ross , and work in a UNK shop somewhere , at a little more money so she could have UNK clothes , and learn ladies' manners and all like that , and get to know different people than up to now , not just the ones like her here , with UNK names , the ones went to the same church and -- Different place , different job , different people , she'd be all different too . 
 UNK , she'd do her hair another way ; ; 
 UNK , and wear different kinds of clothes -- she'd be Katharine Ross , just what that sounded like . 
 `` You've give me the wrong change '' , said the customer sharply . 
 `` Think I can't count '' ? ? 
 UNK made up the amount in indifferent silence . 
 She was listening to other voices , out of the future . 
 Some of those UNK new , different people . 
 Oh , UNK awfully nice , and pretty too , I like Katharine -- Let's ask Katharine to go with us , she's always lots of fun -- Katharine -- 
 Soon , very soon now 
 sixteen 
 UNK didn't wake until nearly UNK . 
 It was going to be another hot day ; ; 
 already the thermometer stood close to ninety . 
 UNK was still sound asleep ; ; 
 he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her UNK , and found a crumpled stray cigarette at its bottom , which tasted peculiarly of face powder . 
 He left a note UNK on the desk asking her to call him sometime today , and drove home . 
 After he'd got out fresh liver for UNK , he paused to look at her crouched UNK over her dish . 
 Surely she was just a trifle UNK around the middle ? ? 
 He seemed to remember reading somewhere that UNK had large UNK , and suffered a UNK vision of the apartment overrun with a dozen kittens . 
 `` Y UNK UNK UNK ? ? 
 -- What then '' ? ? 
 He asked her severely . 
 `` A lot of people are so peculiar that they don't like cats , it's not the easiest thing in the world to find good homes for kittens -- and , damn it , you know very well if I have them around long , impossible to give them away ! ! 
 And I suppose now that you've finally grown up , if a little late , you'd go on producing kittens every six months or so . 
 Yes , well , it's a pity to UNK your girlish figure -- which all those kittens would do anyway -- but I think when you've raised these we'll just have the UNK fix it so there won't be any more . 
 I wonder if the UNK would take one . 
 And it's no good looking at me like that '' , as she wound UNK around his ankles . 
 UNK long nose unexpectedly wrinkled up . 
 `` UNK to be in the hall ! ! 
 UNK to hear you quarrel about her ! ! 
 Oh , well , you can't really blame Lolotte . 
 She lost her UNK to you '' . 
 But she was talking of Emile when she saw the black line of the open door ; ; 
 Sarah remembered it clearly . 
 Maude went on . 
 `` I've got to get busy . 
 Miss UNK taken to her bed , with the door locked . 
 She opened it an inch and poked out the keys for me to give you . 
 Here '' -- She thrust a bundle of keys strung on a thick red cord into Sarah's hand . 
 `` Not that there's much use in locking up the UNK and the UNK now . 
 UNK your coffee '' -- 
 coffee . 
 `` It's -- cold '' . 
 Maude suddenly looked quite capable of pouring it down her throat . 
 `` I don't want it '' , Sarah said , firmly . 
 `` Oh . 
 Well -- I'll take it down with me as I go '' . 
 Maude swooped up the cup and UNK up her top UNK as if about to take off with a racing start . 
 At the door she turned back , her Roman nose looking very long now and satiric . 
 `` I forgot . 
 Ben and Lucien have gone after them . 
 It's just like that book your Northern friend wrote -- except there aren't any ice UNK to cross and no UNK '' . 
 `` I don't know Mrs. UNK . 
 What can they do if they find them '' ? ? 
 `` They can't do anything . 
 It's silly , childish , running after them like that . 
 I told Ben so . 
 But of course the UNK won't be of any help , not with everything so upset and that Yankee cavalry outfit they say is running around , God knows where '' . 
 She had swished away , she had been gone for a long time probably when Sarah suddenly realized that she ought to stop her , pour out the coffee , so no one would drink it . 
 But then the so-called coffee was bad enough at best , cold it was all but UNK -- especially that cup ! ! 
 She was deeply , UNK sure that Lucien had filled it with opium . 
 She had quarreled with Lucien , she had resisted his demands for money -- and if she died , by the provisions of her marriage contract , Lucien would inherit legally not only the immediate sum of gold under the floorboards in the office , but later , when the war was over , her father's entire estate . 
 She felt cold and hot , sticky and chilly at the same time . 
 Now wait a minute , she told herself , think about it ; ; 
 Lucien is not the only person in this house who could have put opium in that coffee . 
 She had lost a bottle of opium -- but that was on the trip from New Orleans . 
 Or someone had taken it during her first day at Honotassa . 
 Yes , she had missed it after her talk with Emile , after dinner , just before Emile was shot . 
 UNK or Glendora had entered her room while she slept , bringing back her washed clothes . 
 So somebody else could have come in , too -- then or later while she was out of the room . 
 It would have been easy to identify as opium by its odor . 
 It was not very reasonable to believe that Lucien had procured UNK opium and come back to Honotassa with a formed plan to murder her . 
 He didn't even know that she was there . 
 And he certainly couldn't have guessed that she would resist his demand for the gold or that she was not the yielding -- yes , and UNK fool he had every right to expect . 
 No , he had been surprised , UNK surprised , but surprised . 
 Then somebody else ? ? 
 Don't question , Rev had said , don't invite danger . 
 Her skin crawled : Lolotte had told Maude that she was in the hall and the door was open . 
 Sarah had begun to tell Lucien of Emile , she had begun to question and a little draft had crept across the room from the bedroom door , open barely enough to show a rim of blackness in the hall . 
 So Lolotte -- or anybody -- could have listened , and that somebody could have already been supplied with the missing bottle of opium . 
 That was not reasonable either . 
 The opium had disappeared before UNK death and whoever shot him could not by any stretch of the imagination have foreseen Sarah's own doubts and suspicions -- and questions . 
 She began to doubt whether there had been in fact a lethal dose of opium in the cup . 
 So suppose somebody only wished to frighten her , so she would leave Honotassa ! ! 
 That made a certain amount of logic . 
 UNK to the argument was the fact that while she might have tasted the coffee if it had been still hot , she might even have drunk some of it , she wouldn't have taken enough to kill her , for she would have been warned by its taste . 
 No . 
 It was merely an attempt to frighten her . 
 She wouldn't go back to New York as Maude suggested ; ; 
 she wouldn't run like a scared cat . 
 But -- well , she'd be very careful . 
 She dressed and the accustomed routine restored to her a sense of normal everyday life . 
 But before she left her room she dug into her big UNK bag , took out the envelope holding her marriage contract and the wax seal had been broken . 
 So somebody else knew what would happen to her father's money if she died . 
 Rev had known all along . 
 Rev didn't need to break the wax seal , read the contract and find out . 
 He could conceivably have wished to make sure ; ; 
 Rev loved Honotassa , it was like a part of his breath and body ; ; 
 Rev had stressed the need for money . 
 Rev would never have tried to give her poison ! ! 
 She thrust the envelope back in the bag ; ; 
 there was no point in locking it up in the UNK now , it was like locking the barn after the horse was stolen . 
 And in all likelihood , by now , there was more than one person in the house who knew the terms of her marriage contract . 
 There was no point either in telling herself again what a fool she'd been . 
 She went downstairs and received another curious shock , for when Glendora flapped into the dining room in her UNK UNK , Sarah asked her when she had brought coffee to her room and Glendora said she hadn't . 
 `` Too much work this morning , Miss Sarah -- everybody gone like that '' -- 
 Sarah swallowed past another kind of UNK in her throat . 
 `` Well , then who brought it '' ? ? 
 `` Miss Maude . 
 She come to the kitchen and say she take it up to you '' . 
 Glendora put down a dish of lukewarm rice . 
 `` Not much breakfast this morning . 
 I don't know what we're going to do , Miss Sarah '' . 
 `` We've got to eat '' , Sarah said , UNK , because a chill crawled over her again . 
 Maude ? ? 
 Glendora flapped away . 
 The rice wasn't UNK with opium , indeed it had no taste at all , not a grain of salt . 
 She ate what she could and went out along the covered passageway , with the rain dripping from the vines . 
 In the kitchen Glendora was despairingly picking chickens . 
 `` Get a basket '' , Sarah told her . 
 `` We'll go to the UNK '' . 
 Glendora dropped a chicken and a flurry of feathers , and went with her through the drizzle , to the UNK . 
 Sarah found the right key and unlocked the door . 
 It was a long , low room , like a root cellar , for it was banked up with soil , and vines had run rampant over that , too . 
 It was dark but dry and cool . 
 She UNK out what Glendora vaguely guessed were the right amounts of dried peas , eggs , UNK , a little salt . 
 The shelves looked UNK than when Miss UNK had shown her the UNK , and since the men from the UNK had called ; ; 
 there were certainly now fewer mouths to feed but there was less to feed them with . 
 She took Glendora to the UNK , unlocked it and saw with satisfaction there was still a quantity of UNK and sides of bacon , hanging from the UNK UNK . 
 They wouldn't go hungry , not yet . 
 And the fields were green and growing . 
 `` Can't you possibly imagine what life is going to be like , here '' ? ? 
 Maude had said . 
 Maude . 
 She sent Glendora back to the house , her basket and her apron laden . 
 She stood for a moment , rain dripping from the trees over her head , thinking of Maude . 
 Maude had the opportunity to take the bottle of opium from Sarah's room . 
 Maude had the cool UNK to do whatever she made up her mind to do . 
 She couldn't see how her death could affect Maude . 
 She couldn't see any reason why Maude would attempt to frighten her . 
 Besides , there was something hysterical and silly , something almost childish about an attempt to frighten her . 
 Maude was neither hysterical nor silly and Sarah rather doubted if she had ever been childish . 
 Yet Maude had suggested that Sarah return to New York . 
 Maude could have shot Emile -- if she'd had a reason to kill him . 
 There was no use in standing there in the drizzle , trying to find a link between UNK murder and opium in a cup of coffee . 
 She started back for the house , saw a light in the office , opened the door and surprised a domestic little scene which was far outside the dark realm of murder or attempted murder . 
 Rev , George and Lolotte were UNK shoes . 
 A lighted lamp stood on the table that UNK , UNK day . 
 They were all three bent over a shabby riding boot ; ; 
 George had a tack hammer . 
 Lolotte held a patch of leather , Rev UNK something , a tiny UNK , waiting for UNK poised hammer . 
 George said , `` First thing I do when I get to UNK again , is get me a Yankee '' -- 
 `` With boots on '' , Lolotte laughed softly . 
 Rev looked up and saw her . 
 Lolotte looked up and stiffened . 
 George didn't look up at all . 
 There was no way to know , no way to guess whether any one of them was surprised at Sarah's appearance , believing her to be drugged and senseless -- and just possibly dead . 
 Rev said , `` Come in , Sarah . 
 UNK you know the news '' . 
 And what news , Sarah thought as UNK as Maude might have said it . 
 UNK face was suddenly a little fixed and questioning . 
 He turned to George and Lolotte . 
 `` Take your UNK shop somewhere else . 
 I want to talk to Sarah '' . 
 Everything in the office , the spreading circle of UNK , the patch of leather in UNK hands . 
 George poised with the tack hammer , the homely , everyday atmosphere , all denied an attempt at murder . 
 A rush of panic caught Sarah . 
 `` No . 
 Not now . 
 I mean I've got to -- to see to the kitchen . 
 Glendora '' -- 
 Her words UNK together and she all but ran from the office and from the question in UNK face . 
 Now why did I do that ? ? 
 She thought as warm , UNK rain touched her face . 
 She was no UNK , refusing to bear tales . 
 As she reached the kitchen door the answer presented itself ; ; 
 if she told anyone of the opium it must be Lucien , her husband . 
 It might be , indeed it had already proved to be a marriage without love , but it was marriage . 
 So she couldn't choose Rev as a UNK ; ; 
 it must be Lucien . 
 Always provided that Lucien himself had not UNK her coffee with opium , she thought , as coldly and sharply , again , as Maude might have said it . 
 She paused at the kitchen door , caught her breath , told herself firmly that the opium was only an attempt to frighten her and went into the kitchen , where Glendora was eyeing the chickens UNK and Maude was cleaning lamp UNK . 
 Glendora gave a UNK . 
 `` Miss Sarah , I can't cut up no chicken . 
 Miss Maude say she won't '' . 
 Again the homely , everyday details of daily living UNK a vicious attempt to frighten her -- or to murder her . 
 The homely everyday details of living and domestic requirements also pressed upon her with their immediate urgency . 
 No matter what had happened or hadn't happened , somebody had to see about dinner . 
 She eyed the chickens with , if she had known it , something of UNK dismal look and thought with a certain fury of the time she had spent on Latin verbs . 
 `` Not since last night . 
 I didn't think there was any reason to '' . 
 `` Maybe there isn't . 
 UNK to him again anyway . 
 Try talking to some of the fellows he works with , friends , anyone . 
 Try to find out how happy he is with his wife , whether he plays around with women . 
 You might try looking into his wife too . 
 She might have been talking to some of her friends about her husband if they've been having any trouble '' . 
 `` You think Black's the one we're looking for '' ? ? 
 `` Yeah . 
 I think he might be '' , Conrad said grimly . 
 `` Then again he might not '' . 
 `` What a UNK world '' , Rourke said . 
 `` Black is UNK best friend '' . 
 `` I know '' . 
 `` Will you be coming back soon '' ? ? 
 `` I think so . 
 I'm on my way to see the UNK woman '' . 
 `` UNK secretary ? ? 
 What for ? ? 
 You don't think Gilborn is the -- '' ? ? 
 `` I don't think anything . 
 I just don't want to go off UNK before picking up Black , that's all '' . 
 Conrad interrupted . 
 `` Gilborn says he was in his office all day with her yesterday . 
 I'd like to make sure . 
 Also , it's just possible she might know something about Mrs. Gilborn '' . 
 `` Right . 
 I'll see you later '' . 
 `` Aren't you ever going to go home '' ? ? 
 `` It sure as hell doesn't look like it , does it ? ? 
 I'm telling you , if these corpses ever knew the trouble they put us to , they'd think twice before letting themselves get knocked off '' . 
 `` Remember to tell that to the next corpse you meet '' . 
 Conrad hung up and sat on the small UNK bench , UNK his right leg . 
 He looked at his watch . 
 It was ten minutes before eleven . 
 He wondered how long it would be before they had a signed confession from UNK Black . 
 UNK years' experience let him know , even at this early stage , that Black was his man . 
 But he still wanted to know why . 
 It was a cold , UNK day , the day after UNK death , but Stanley Gilborn paid no attention to the UNK October wind . 
 After leaving Conrad , Gilborn had no destination . 
 He simply walked , not UNK where he was , not caring . 
 He stopped automatically at the street corners , waiting for the traffic lights to change , UNK of other people , his coat open and flapping . 
 As he walked , he tried to think . 
 Of Kitti . 
 Of himself . 
 UNK of what Conrad had tried to make him believe . 
 There was nothing coherent about his thinking . 
 It was a succession of UNK passing through his mind : the same ones , different ones , in no apparent sequence , in no logical succession . 
 The UNK of what Conrad had told him made it impossible for Gilborn to accept , with any degree of realism , the actuality of it . 
 UNK words had intellectual meaning for him only . 
 UNK , they penetrated him not at all . 
 Whoever he was and your wife were intimate . 
 Gilborn remembered UNK exact words . 
 They made sense and yet they didn't . 
 He knew Conrad had told him the truth . 
 It was so . 
 Yet it wasn't so . 
 It wasn't so because it couldn't be so . 
 When Kitti was alive -- and he remembered the pressure of her hand resting lightly on his arm -- she had been the center of his life . 
 She was the sun , he the closest planet UNK around her , the rest of the world existing and visible yet removed . 
 For UNK years he had lived , UNK towards a UNK , eating , working , breathing without plan , without reason . 
 Kitti had come along to justify everything . 
 She was his goal , she was his reason . 
 He had lived all his life waiting for her . 
 Not once , in the time that he had known her , had he ever considered the possibility , not once , not for one UNK of a second , of her UNK . 
 He could not consider it now . 
 Not really . 
 And so he walked , aimless again . 
 The walk ended , inevitably , right in front of his hotel building . 
 The doorman began to nod his head automatically , then remembered who Gilborn was , what had happened to him the night before . 
 He looked at Gilborn with UNK curiosity . 
 Gilborn passed by him without seeing him . 
 He crossed the lobby and rode up in the elevator lost in his own thoughts . 
 In the apartment itself , all was still . 
 The police were no longer there . 
 There was no evidence that anything was different than it had been . 
 Except that Kitti wasn't there . 
 Without taking off his coat , he sat in the blue chair which still faced the closed bedroom door . 
 At last , sitting there , in the familiar surroundings , the truth began to sink in . 
 Who ? ? 
 He felt no anger towards Kitti , no sense that she had betrayed him . 
 Who ? ? 
 She was all he had , everything he had , everything he wanted . 
 Someone had taken her away from him . 
 Who ? ? 
 Where there is a left-hand entry in the ledger , there is a right-hand one , he remembered from his school days . 
 Where there is a victim , there is a killer . 
 Who ? ? 
 Whoever he was and your wife were intimate . 
 He rose from the chair , took off his coat . 
 UNK , he went into the bedroom . 
 The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain . 
 Gilborn stood there for a long time . 
 He looked at the bed UNK . 
 The bed was empty now . 
 Kitti would lie in it no more . 
 He would lie in it no more . 
 Gilborn wondered whether Kitti had lain in that same bed with Who ? ? 
 For thirty minutes , Stanley Gilborn stood there . 
 At the end of the half-hour , UNK his brains , thinking over and over again of Kitti , her friends , her past , he left the bedroom . 
 Who ? ? 
 He could think of no answer . 
 Gilborn put on his coat again . 
 Before leaving , he took one last , lingering look at the apartment . 
 He knew he would never see it again . 
 In the street , walking as quickly as he could , Stanley Gilborn was a lone figure . 
 On Blanche UNK , Kitti UNK death had a quite different effect . 
 For Blanche , UNK death was a source of guilty , but nonetheless soaring , happy hope . 
 In UNK defense , it must be said she was unaware of the newborn hope . 
 If anyone had asked her , she would have described herself only as nervous and worried . 
 The figures on the UNK paper in front of her were jumping and waving around so badly it was all she could do to make them out clearly enough to copy them with the typewriter . 
 She wondered whether Stanley would call . 
 She wanted to be with him , to give him the comfort and companionship she knew he needed . 
 She had skipped her lunch hour in the fear that he might call while she was out . 
 He hadn't . 
 And now she was feeling sick , both from concern about Stanley and hunger . 
 Why hadn't he called ? ? 
 Men , she reflected , even men like Stanley , are UNK . 
 She tried to think of his UNK actions in the eleven years she had known him and discovered they weren't so many after all . 
 Stanley really was quite predictable . 
 That was one of the things she liked about Stanley . 
 He wasn't like so many other men . 
 The dentist last night , for instance . 
 UNK and the movies had been fine . 
 He had taken her upstairs to say good night . 
 She had invited him in for coffee . 
 It was in the kitchen , as she was watching the UNK , waiting for the water to boil , that he had grabbed for her . 
 Without warning , without giving her a chance to prepare for it . 
 From behind , he had put his arms on her shoulders , turned her around , and pressed her to him , so close she couldn't breathe . 
 Later , she apologized for the long scratch across his face , tried to explain she couldn't help herself , that the panic arose in her unwanted . 
 But he hadn't understood . 
 When he left , she knew she would never see him again . 
 Stanley wasn't like that . 
 She could always predict what Stanley was going to do , ever since she first met him . 
 Except for that one morning . 
 The morning he walked in to announce to her , blushing , that he was married . 
 She thought she was going to die . 
 She had assumed before then that one day he would ask her to marry him . 
 Blanche couldn't remember when she had first arrived at this conclusion . 
 She thought it was sometime during the second week she worked for Stanley . 
 It was nothing that he said or did , but it seemed so natural to her that she should be working for him , looking forward to his eventual proposal . 
 She was UNK years old then . 
 Her mother was already considerably concerned over her daughter's future . 
 But Blanche had been able to maintain a serene and assured composure in the face of her widowed mother's continued UNK , had been able to resist her UNK to date anyone who offered the slightest possibility of UNK . 
 For Blanche , it was only a matter of time before Stanley would propose . 
 It was to be expected that Stanley would be shy , slow in taking such a momentous step . 
 Stanley went along in life , she knew , convinced that he deserved the love and faith of no woman . 
 As a result , he never looked for it . 
 But one day , she expected , he would somehow discover , without her having to tell him , that there was such a woman in the world ; ; 
 a woman who was willing to give him love , faith , and anything else a woman could give a husband . 
 Indeed , there was a woman who , UNK , had already given him love . 
 UNK , Blanche loved Stanley . 
 And then , unexpectedly , Stanley made his announcement . 
 On that first day , Blanche literally thought she was going to die , or , at the very least , go out of her mind . 
 It might have been easier for her if Kitti Walker hadn't been everything that Blanche was not . 
 Kitti was thirty years younger than Stanley , taller than Stanley , UNK than Stanley had any right to hope for , much less expect . 
 Kitti could have married a score of men . 
 There was no reason for her to marry someone like Stanley Gilborn , there was no need for her to marry Stanley . 
 Kitti had come into the office , on somebody's recommendation , because she needed help in preparing her income tax return . 
 Stanley had filled out the return and because , when he was finished , it was close to the lunch hour , he had politely asked Kitti to join him , never expecting her to accept . 
 Blanche knew all this because the door to Stanley's office was open and , without straining too hard , she could hear everything that was said . 
 Stanley had gone out , saying he would be back in an hour . 
 He hadn't come back for over two . 
 After that day , Blanche still didn't know exactly what had happened . 
 There were mornings when Stanley came in late , afternoons when he left early , days when he didn't come in at all . 
 Blanche knew something must be causing Stanley's new , strange behavior but she never once connected it with Kitti Walker . 
 It was too unprecedented . 
 Then , six weeks after the day Kitti first came into the office , Stanley announced he and Kitti were married . 
 Somehow , Blanche managed to cover the stunned surprise and offer her congratulations . 
 That night the two of them left for a week's honeymoon in UNK . 
 While they were away Blanche came into the office every morning , running things as she had always run them for Stanley , going through the week in a UNK stupor , getting things done automatically , out of habit . 
 For exactly one week , she was able to continue in this manner . 
 On the morning of Stanley's return , however , her strength left her . 
 Two hours of watching his UNK happy face , listening to his soft humming as he bent over his UNK figures , and Blanche had to leave . 
 She stayed away for ten days . 
 Those ten days were like no others that Blanche had known . 
 Mostly , she stayed in bed . 
 She didn't tell anyone , even her mother , what was wrong . 
 She refused to have a doctor , insisting there was nothing a doctor could do for her . 
 `` Right '' , said the fingerprint man . 
 `` Also , if you're going to believe those prints , you'll have to look for a killer who's a UNK piano player '' . 
 He demonstrated by playing an imaginary piano , doing a staccato passage with a broadly exaggerated attack . 
 To make it clearer he shifted to acting out , but with no change of manner , the killing of Rose UNK . 
 His hands snatched at an imaginary bucket , UNK down hard to grab it and coming away with equal snap like a ball that's been bounced hard . 
 In the same way he UNK UNK a UNK and bouncing UNK off that , pressing his hands against the floor and bouncing UNK off that . 
 He was moving like a ballet dancer , playing for laughs . 
 If Rose UNK killer acted this way , catching up with him was going to be a UNK . 
 We'd know him by his stretch pants and the flowers he'd wear twined in his hair . 
 Perhaps if Felix had first come upon us when this boy was not UNK so gaily up and down the hall outside the murdered woman's apartment , we might have had less trouble convincing Felix of our seriousness . 
 This , you will remember , was still New Year's Day . 
 By the time Felix turned up it was early afternoon , which , one would think , would be late enough so that by then , except for small children and a few hardy souls who had not yet UNK up , it could have been expected that people would no longer be having any sort of active interest in the previous night's UNK and paper hats . 
 Felix was the exception . 
 He had retained his hat and his horn , and , whatever fun might still be going , he was ready to join it . 
 That , incidentally , might give you some idea of what Felix was like . 
 After all , he hadn't happened upon us in that UNK hall without warning . 
 The UNK boys had finished their UNK examination and the body had been removed for UNK . 
 The meat wagon , therefore , was not out in front of the house any more , but the cluster of squad cars was still there and there was a cop on the door downstairs to screen any UNK and UNK . 
 There was , UNK , the crowd of curious UNK gathered in the street and a couple more cops to hold them at a decent distance . 
 Just put yourself in UNK place for a moment . 
 You're a taxpayer , UNK , landlord . 
 You've been away from home for the New Year festivities , but now the party is over and you come home . 
 UNK UNK in the limited sense of being free from the clinical symptoms of the effects of alcohol ingested and not yet eliminated from the system , you are sober . 
 You still have your paper hat and you're wearing it , but then , it is an extraordinary paper hat and , in addition to anything else you may be , you are also the sculptor who created that most peculiar UNK out in the back yard . 
 It's not too much to assume that you will have a more lasting interest in paper hats than will Mr. UNK UNK . 
 You have your paper horn clutched in your big , UNK fist , and for your entrance you have planned a noisy , colorful and exuberant greeting to your friends and tenants . 
 You find your house a focus of public and police attention . 
 Can you imagine yourself forgetting under the circumstances that you are approaching this startling and unexpected situation so UNK UNK and armed with a paper horn ? ? 
 Maybe one could be startled into UNK . 
 You shoulder your way through the cluster of the curious and you barge up to the cop on the door . 
 You identify yourself and ask him what's going on . 
 Instead of answering you , he sticks his head in the door and shouts up the stairs . 
 `` Got the upstairs guy '' , he UNK . 
 `` The owner . 
 Do I send him up '' ? ? 
 Then he turns back to you . 
 `` Go on in '' , he says . 
 `` They'll tell you what's cooking '' . 
 Even then , as you go into the house oppressed by the knowledge that something is cooking and that your house has passed under this UNK , official control , could you go on forgetting that you still had that ridiculous hat on your head and you were still carrying that childish horn in your hand ? ? 
 What I'm getting at is that we were fully prepared for UNK being an odd one . 
 We'd seen his UNK out in the back yard , and the little his tenants had told us of him did make him sound a little special . 
 We were not , however , prepared for anything like the UNK that confronted us as Felix came up the stairs . 
 He , of course , must have been equally unprepared for what confronted him , but , nonetheless , I did find his reaction startling . 
 If Felix was still wearing the hat and carrying the horn because he'd forgotten about them , he now remembered . 
 He came UNK up the stairs and joined the dance . 
 He adjusted the hat , lifted the horn to his lips as though it were a UNK , and fell in alongside our fingerprint expert to UNK with him . 
 Our man stopped dead and UNK at Felix . 
 Felix threw his head back and laughed a laugh that shook the timbers of even that solidly built old house . 
 This was a bull of a man . 
 He was UNK , UNK and UNK . 
 His face was UNK and heavy and UNK , and when he laughed he showed his teeth , which were big and white and strong and unquestionably UNK . 
 I don't remember ever seeing teeth that were quite so white and at the same time quite so UNK not UNK . 
 His hair had UNK most of the way to the back of his neck . 
 He had only a fringe of hair and he wore it cropped short . 
 It was almost as white as his teeth . 
 For a man of his mass he was curiously short . 
 He wasn't a dwarf but he was a bit of a comic figure . 
 A man with so big and so UNK developed a torso and such long and powerful arms is expected to stand taller than five feet five . 
 For Felix it was a bit of a stretch to make even that measurement . 
 The man was just this side of being a freak . 
 We waited till he had finished laughing , and that gave us a few moments for taking stock of him . 
 He was dressed in a manner UNK might suggest for the outdoor man's country weekend . 
 Dark gray sports jacket , lighter gray slacks , pink flannel shirt , black silk UNK . 
 His eyes were clear . 
 He was UNK shaved , and if there had been any alcohol in him we could never have missed detecting some scent of it on the massive UNK of his laughter . 
 Not even a UNK . 
 Eventually he subsided . 
 `` Felix '' ? ? 
 Gibby said . 
 `` Me '' , he said UNK . 
 `` Me , the happy one '' . 
 `` That much Latin we remember '' , Gibby said dryly . 
 `` You always live up to your name , always like this , always making happy '' ? ? 
 `` I try '' , Felix said UNK . 
 `` The world is full of UNK who put their hearts into making the tragic scene . 
 I've never noticed that it improves things any '' . 
 `` UNK for you '' , Gibby said . 
 `` What's the rest of your name '' ? ? 
 `` No rest of it . 
 Felix is all there is '' . 
 `` All there ever was '' ? ? 
 `` The past I leave to historians '' , Felix intoned , demonstrating that he could be UNK as well as happy . 
 `` You live in the present '' ? ? 
 `` In the present '' , Felix proclaimed . 
 `` For the future . 
 Is there any other time in which a man can live '' ? ? 
 `` We '' , Gibby announced , `` are not philosophers . 
 We are Assistant District UNK . 
 This gentleman is a police officer . 
 He is a fingerprint specialist . 
 Could your future , your immediate future , be made to include taking us upstairs , giving us a bit of space in which our friend can work , and making available to him your finger tips '' ? ? 
 The happy one could never have looked happier . 
 This was more than joy . 
 It was ecstasy . 
 `` Those lovely UNK '' , he UNK . 
 `` So intricate , so beautiful . 
 Come right along . 
 I love fingerprints '' . 
 He was UNK along the hall , heading for the next flight of stairs . 
 Gibby called him back . 
 `` We're here because of what happened last night '' , he said . 
 `` Past , yes , but important . 
 Since it is important , for the record let's have the full name '' . 
 `` That important '' ? ? 
 Felix asked . 
 `` That important '' . 
 `` UNK '' , Felix whispered . 
 `` Felix UNK '' ? ? 
 Gibby asked , not bothering to whisper . 
 `` UNK '' , Felix UNK . 
 `` I can't see what would make it necessary for you to know . 
 Nothing could make it necessary to proclaim it to the whole world '' . 
 UNK Gibby lowered his voice . 
 `` Felix UNK '' ? ? 
 He repeated . 
 `` No . 
 UNK , but not for years . 
 For years it's been just Felix . 
 First thing I did after my UNK birthday was go into court and have it officially changed , and this is something I don't tell everybody . 
 That was almost forty years ago '' . 
 Having volunteered that he was a man of about sixty , he bounded up the stairs and with each leap rendered the number less UNK . 
 This was a UNK of a boy , our Felix , and nothing was more obvious than the joy he took in demonstrating how UNK he was and how full of juice and spirit . 
 We followed him up the stairs . 
 The cops would gather up UNK and the UNK on the third floor and bring us those of them who would voluntarily submit to UNK . 
 You may think we didn't need Nancy and Jean , but you always get what you can when you can , and we had no guarantee that a fingerprint record on them couldn't be useful before we were through with this case . 
 Also , if we had excluded the ladies we would have to that extent let the whole world know at least that much of where we stood . 
 The killer , if in our present group , would certainly be interested in knowing that much , and even though with the fingerprint evidence what it was I could see no way he could use this bit of information to improve on his situation , there might always be some way . 
 If you can possibly avoid it , you don't hand out any extra chances . 
 Felix took us into his studio . 
 It was that oddly shaped space at the very top of the house , where ceiling heights had to accommodate themselves to the varying angles of roof slope . 
 At each angle of its pitch a big UNK had been fitted into the roof and all these UNK were fitted with systems of multiple screens and shades . 
 When Felix first opened the door on it , all these shades were tightly drawn and the whole studio was as dark as night . 
 He quickly fixed that , rolling back the shades on some of the UNK and adjusting screens on the others . 
 He flew about the place making these adjustments and it was obvious that what he was doing was the fruit of long experience . 
 None of his movements was tentative . 
 There was no process of trial and error . 
 Starting with the room completely UNK out , as it was when we came in , he UNK fixed things so that the whole place was bathed in the maximum of light without at any point admitting even so much as a crack of glare . 
 UNK something UNK UNK , I was surprised by what we found . 
 There was no display of either works in progress or of finished work . 
 Here and there on work table or pedestal stood a shape with a sheet or a UNK draped over it . 
 These shapes might have been mad , but there was no telling . 
 They were all completely UNK . 
 The equipment was solid and heavy and in good condition . 
 Everything was orderly and it seemed to be arranged for the UNK comfort , convenience and efficiency . 
 There were tools about but they were neatly kept . 
 There was no confusion and no UNK . 
 UNK of sheet metal were neatly stacked in UNK . 
 Andy did not see the newspapers the next day . 
 Someone on his staff -- he suspected it was Ed Thornburg -- UNK them and for this Andy was grateful . 
 He finally fell asleep around six in the morning with the aid of a sleeping capsule , a UNK he rarely used , and didn't awaken until early afternoon . 
 UNK flooded him the instant he opened his eyes and the sick feeling knotted his stomach . 
 Outside his window bloomed a beautiful summer day . 
 Presumably the same sun was shining upon little Drew also , and those who had UNK him . 
 But where ? ? 
 It was still a very big world , despite all the modern UNK to the contrary . 
 Hub was sitting in a chair that blocked the hall door . 
 He was UNK , perhaps the only sleep he'd gotten . 
 He snapped to UNK at Andy's entrance . 
 `` UNK , Mr. Paxton . 
 Nothing new . 
 UNK of people waiting to see you , though '' . 
 `` UNK '' ? ? 
 `` Our own people . 
 Questions about the show tonight '' . 
 Hub picked up the telephone . 
 `` Shall I let them know you're awake '' ? ? 
 `` I suppose . 
 How's UNK , do you know '' ? ? 
 Hub considered . 
 `` Some better . 
 She's got plenty of guts , Mr. Paxton . 
 You want me to call her '' ? ? 
 `` She expecting me to '' ? ? 
 Hub shook his head so Andy told him not to bother . 
 The only reason for UNK UNK was to comfort or to be UNK . 
 He could not manage the former or expect the latter ; ; 
 they had nothing to give to each other . 
 The UNK might look peculiar to outsiders , but Andy could not bring himself to go through the motions simply for the sake of appearances . 
 He had little time to himself , anyway . 
 As the afternoon sped toward evening , the suite saw a steady procession of Paxton aides pass in and out , each with his own special problem . 
 Thornburg arrived with the writers . 
 They had spent the morning UNK the act , eliminating all the gay songs , UNK and dancing with a view of the best public relations . 
 What remained lacked the original verve but it was at least dignified , as UNK the tragic circumstances . 
 Raymond UNK reported that the orchestra had hastily rehearsed `` UNK Song '' in case it was needed . 
 Charlie UNK was back and forth on several occasions , first to UNK with Andy on the advisability of UNK the Las Vegas engagement -- they decided it was wise -- and later to announce that a prominent comedian , also an agency client , had agreed to fill the UNK open date . 
 And once Bake slipped in , pale and drawn , last night's liquor still on his breath with some of today's added to it . 
 He asked if there was anything he could do . 
 Andy invented a job to keep him busy , sending him ahead to El Dorado to supervise last minute arrangements . 
 But from UNK Vecchio , they heard nothing . 
 At last it was time to depart . 
 Hub , UNK about , spotted reporters in the lobby , so Andy was UNK away quietly through the UNK service entrance in a strange car which Hub had procured somewhere . 
 They succeeded in UNK the curious at the hotel , but there was no chance of avoiding them at the UNK . 
 El Dorado was surrounded by a mob . 
 They UNK the parking lot , making progress by automobile difficult . 
 Long before he reached the protection of the stage door , Andy was recognized . 
 Word of his arrival spread through the crowd like a UNK . 
 They surged around him , fingers pointing , eyes UNK . 
 It was not a hostile gathering but Andy sensed the difference from last night's UNK . 
 They had come not to admire but to observe . 
 `` It's worse inside '' , Thornburg informed Andy . 
 `` UNK jammed in every table he could find . 
 Under the heading of it's an ill wind , et cetera '' . 
 UNK was UNK by contrast . 
 Andy's UNK kept their distance , awed by the tragedy . 
 But in his dressing room was a large bouquet and a card that read , `` We're with you all the way '' . 
 It was signed by everyone in the UNK . 
 Andy couldn't help but be touched . 
 He instructed UNK Winter to compose a note of thanks to be posted on the call board . 
 Bake was waiting to report that Lou UNK had been UNK up to the point where he could function efficiently . 
 Andy gathered that this had been no small accomplishment . 
 Bake himself looked better ; ; 
 any kind of job was better than brooding . 
 Andy told him , `` Bake , I wish you'd talk to UNK , see if some kind of p. UNK system can be UNK up outside . 
 It's just barely possible with this crowd that the UNK wasn't able to get a table . 
 I wouldn't want him to miss the message '' . 
 `` I'll try . 
 UNK isn't going to like it much , though , giving away what he should be selling '' . 
 UNK wasn't the only one who didn't care for Andy's scheme . 
 A short time later , Lieutenant Bonner UNK into the dressing room . 
 `` I got a bone to pick with you , Mr. Paxton . 
 It's those damn UNK '' . 
 Andy rolled up the revised script he had been studying . 
 `` What about them '' ? ? 
 `` They're going to UNK me up good . 
 My men have been here all afternoon , setting up for this thing '' . 
 Bonner explained that , with the UNK cooperation , the police had occupied El Dorado like a battlefield . 
 UNK picture cameras had been installed to film the audience , the reservation list was being checked out name by name , and a special detail was already at work in the parking lot UNK automobiles for a possible lead . 
 However , it was virtually impossible to screen the mob outside , even if Bonner had manpower available for the purpose . 
 `` I want you to have the speakers taken out '' . 
 Andy sighed . 
 `` Seems like we're never going to see eye to eye , Lieutenant . 
 Didn't they tell you what I wanted the p. UNK system for '' ? ? 
 `` Sure , I know . 
 But it's such a long shot '' -- 
 `` No longer than yours . 
 What do you expect to get tonight , anyway ? ? 
 You think somebody is going to stand up in the audience and make guilty faces ? ? 
 Or have a sign on his car that says , ' Here Comes the Paxton UNK ' '' ? ? 
 Andy UNK the script in his fist . 
 `` I can't stop you from doing what you think is right . 
 But don't try to stop me , either '' . 
 `` Someday '' , Bonner said , `` you're going to ask us for help . 
 I can hardly wait '' . 
 `` What you don't understand is that I'm asking for it now '' . 
 But Bonner departed , still full of ill will . 
 He had gotten stuck with a job too big for his imagination ; ; 
 he had to cling to routine , tested procedures . 
 To act otherwise would be to admit his helplessness . 
 But , admit or not , Bonner was helpless . 
 The crime showed too much planning , the UNK appeared too proficient to be caught by a UNK . 
 Andy's performance was scheduled for eleven o'clock . 
 He stalled for a half-hour longer , hoping to hear something from Vecchio about the UNK money . 
 Bake and UNK Winter , on separate telephones , could not reach him at any conceivable location in Los Angeles , nor could they secure any clear-cut information regarding his efforts . 
 Bake cursed . 
 `` The sweaty UNK probably halfway to Peru with our money by now '' . 
 When no one smiled , he felt UNK to add , `` Just kidding , UNK '' . 
 Thornburg popped in to advise , `` Andy , UNK sending up smoke signals . 
 You about ready '' ? ? 
 `` What's he complaining about '' ? ? 
 Bake asked . 
 `` They're drinking , aren't they '' ? ? 
 `` No . 
 We got a bunch of UNK out there tonight . 
 I guess nobody wants to pass out and miss anything '' . 
 Thornburg added in a lower voice but Andy overheard , `` They act more like a jury than an audience '' . 
 Andy said , `` Well , I guess we can't wait any longer . 
 Hub , you stick by the stage door . 
 If Rock shows up during the number -- or you hear anything -- give me the signal '' . 
 UNK Winter said , `` I'll stay on the phone , Mr. Paxton . 
 There's a couple of UNK I can work on '' . 
 `` You're a sweetheart -- but leave one line open . 
 He may try to phone us '' . 
 Andy passed into the corridor , their `` good UNK '' ! ! 
 Following him . 
 It was what they said before every performance but tonight it sounded different , as if he really needed it . 
 They were right . 
 The act , cut to shreds and hastily patched together during the afternoon , had not been rehearsed sufficiently by anyone . 
 The result had nothing of the polish , pace or cohesion of the previous night . 
 Here's where luck would normally step in . 
 But this was no ordinary show and Andy knew it . 
 Whether he sang well or badly had nothing to do with it . 
 The audience had come not to be entertained but to judge . 
 UNK hours had changed him from a performer to a freak . 
 Within this framework , what followed was strained , even UNK . 
 UNK the UNK and the UNK numbers left little but blues and other songs of equal melancholy . 
 The effect was as depressing as a UNK , the applause UNK and UNK . 
 Yet Andy plowed ahead , UNK the UNK words as if they possessed real meaning , and gradually his listeners warmed to him . 
 Their clapping grew more fervent ; ; 
 the evening was still not beyond UNK , not as a show but for him as a person . 
 The worst was yet to come . 
 As Andy reached the finale of his act , a subdued commotion UNK drew his attention to the wings . 
 UNK Vecchio -- a UNK , UNK Vecchio -- was standing there , flanked by two men in the uniforms of UNK transport guards . 
 Vecchio was nodding and pointing at the large suitcase he held . 
 Andy felt his heart UNK heavily with relief . 
 He waved at UNK to cut off the finale introduction . 
 The music died away UNK . 
 He drew a deep breath . 
 `` UNK and gentlemen , in place of my regular closing number tonight , I'd like to sing something of a different nature for you . 
 Ray , if you please -- the ' UNK Song ' '' . 
 He sensed rather than heard the UNK that swept across the audience . 
 Nor could he blame them . 
 This particular song at this particular time could only be interpreted as the ultimate in bad taste , callous exploitation beyond the bounds of decency . 
 Having no choice , he plunged into it , anyway , holding onto the microphone for support . 
 `` UNK and UNK . 
 '' 
 His voice shook . 
 For the first time in his life he forgot the lyrics midway through and had to cover up by humming the rest . 
 He wondered if the audience would let him finish . 
 They did ; ; 
 though contemptuous , they were still polite . 
 But when he was finally through , their scorn was made apparent . 
 Someone clapped tentatively then quickly stopped . 
 Otherwise , the silence was complete . 
 As the lights came up , Andy could see that a number of patrons were already on their way toward the exit . 
 He stumbled UNK . 
 `` My God '' , he muttered . 
 `` My God '' . 
 Hub was there to support him . 
 `` It's okay , Mr. Paxton . 
 The UNK here , all of it '' . 
 At this moment , all he could think of was what he'd been forced to undergo . 
 `` Did you hear them ? ? 
 Do you know what they think of me '' ? ? 
 `` UNK of damn UNK '' , Hub growled . 
 `` Who needs them '' ? ? 
 Thornburg patted his arm . 
 `` Sure , Andy , it'll be all right . 
 Nothing broken that can't be UNK '' . 
 The words were hollow . 
 Thornburg knew , better than any of them , that a public image was as fragile as UNK UNK . 
 All the king's horses and all the king's men 
 Vecchio UNK in . 
 `` I got it , Andy . 
 God knows how , but I got it . 
 You'll never believe the places I've been today . 
 I practically had to sign your life away , you'll probably fire me for some of the deals I had to go for , but '' -- 
 Andy nodded UNK . 
 `` It doesn't matter , Rock . 
 We've done our part '' . 
 He clutched that knowledge to him as he returned to his dressing room . 
 The usual UNK crowd was conspicuously absent ; ; 
 the place had the air of a UNK . 
 Andy had no desire to linger himself but Hub reported that the mob outside was still large despite the efforts of the police to UNK them . 
 His son watched until he got as far as the hall , almost out of sight , then hurried after . 
 `` Dad . 
 Dad , wait '' . 
 He caught up with the old man in the living room . 
 Old man Arthur had put down the suitcase to open the front door . 
 `` Just this one favor , Dad . 
 Just don't tell Ferguson that crazy opinion of yours '' . 
 `` Why not '' ? ? 
 The old man gave the room a stare in leaving ; ; 
 under the UNK brows the pale old eyes burned with a bitter memory . 
 `` It's the truth '' . 
 `` The UNK girl was killed by Mr. UNK son . 
 UNK and Ferguson have been across the street , talking to the kid . 
 They've found some sort of new evidence , a bundle of clothes or something , and it must link the kid even stronger to the crime . 
 Why won't you accept facts ? ? 
 The two kids were together a lot , they were having some kind of teen-age affair -- God knows how far that had gone -- and the kid's crippled . 
 He UNK , and the man who hit you and took the cane , he UNK . 
 My God , how much more do you want '' ? ? 
 His father looked him over closely . 
 `` You sound like an old woman . 
 You should have gone to work today , UNK of UNK around UNK on the UNK house '' . 
 `` Now , see here '' -- 
 `` The trouble with you '' , old man Arthur began , and then checked himself . 
 Young Mrs. Arthur had opened the oven and there was a drifting odor of hot biscuits . 
 The old man opened the door and stepped out into the sunlight . 
 `` Isn't enough time to go into it '' , he finished , and slammed the door in his son's face . 
 Mrs. Holden turned from the window draperies . 
 `` They found something else up there '' , she said UNK to the empty room . 
 `` They took it away , overalls or something '' . 
 She walked UNK across the room , then back to the windows . 
 `` Now they've gone , they didn't come back , and they didn't arrest that UNK boy '' . 
 She stood frowning and chewing her lip . 
 She was wearing a brown cotton dress , cut across the hips in a way that was supposed to make her look UNK , a UNK set into the skirt and UNK UNK below . 
 She smoothed the skirt , sat down , then stood up and went back to the windows . 
 `` Why on earth did I send him off to work ? ? 
 There was excuse enough to keep him home that young Mr. UNK still over there '' . 
 With sudden energy , she went to the phone and rang UNK office and asked for him . 
 `` I think you had better come home '' . 
 `` Mae , we're so busy . 
 Mr. UNK been on everybody's neck , an order he expected didn't come through and he's '' -- 
 `` I don't care . 
 I want you here . 
 I'm all alone and certain things are going on that look very ominous . 
 I need someone to go out and find out what's happening '' . 
 `` But I couldn't do that , even if I were home '' ! ! 
 His voice grew high and trembling . 
 `` I can't be underfoot every time those cops turn around ! ! 
 They'll they'll think I did something '' . 
 He couldn't see the grin that split her mouth ; ; 
 the teeth that shone into the phone were like a UNK . 
 `` You'll just have to risk it . 
 You can't wander along in the dark , can you ? ? 
 I'd think that you even more than I would be wondering what they're up to . 
 They found some clothes '' , she tossed in . 
 `` What '' ? ? 
 UNK , she ignored the UNK . 
 `` Also , that Mr. Ferguson was here . 
 I guess he wants to ask you some questions . 
 I stalled him off . 
 He doesn't expect you until five '' . 
 `` Then I'd better wait until five '' . 
 `` UNK . 
 Come home right away '' . 
 She slapped the receiver into its holder and stepped away . 
 Her eyes were bright with anticipation . 
 In his office , Mr. Holden replaced the phone slowly . 
 He rose from his chair . 
 He had to cough then ; ; 
 he went to the window and choked there with the fresh breeze on his face . 
 He got his hat out of the closet . 
 For a moment he thought of going into UNK office to explain that he had to leave , but there was now such a pain in his chest , such a pounding in his head , that he decided to let it go . 
 He passed the receptionist in the outer office , muttering , `` I've got to go out for a little while '' . 
 Let her call UNK if she wanted to , let UNK raise the roof or even can him , he didn't care . 
 He got into the car . 
 UNK the key into the switch , pressing the accelerator with his foot , putting the car into reverse , seemed vast endeavors almost beyond the ability of his shaking body . 
 Once out in the street , the traffic was a UNK maze in which he wandered stricken . 
 When he turned into the highway that led to the UNK of the city and then rose toward home , he had to pull over to the curb and wait for a few minutes , sucking in air and UNK and UNK his eyes to clear them of tears . 
 What on earth was in UNK mind , that she wanted him up there UNK on what the cops were doing ? ? 
 What did she think he could do ? ? 
 He tried to ignore what his own common sense told him , but it wasn't possible ; ; 
 her motives were too UNK . 
 She wanted him to get into trouble . 
 She wanted the police to notice him , suspect him . 
 She was going to keep on UNK , poking , UNK , suggesting , and UNK until the cops got up enough interest in him to go back to their old neighborhood and ask questions . 
 And he knew in that moment , with a cold sinking of despair , a dying of old hopes , that Mae had spread some kind of word there among the neighbors . 
 Nothing bald , open ; ; 
 but enough . 
 They'd have some suspicions to repeat to the police . 
 Though his inner thoughts UNK at it , he forced himself to think back , UNK the scene in which Mae claimed to have caught him UNK the child . 
 It hadn't amounted to anything . 
 There had been nothing evil or dirty in his intentions . 
 A second scene flashed before his mind , the interior of the garage at the new house and the young UNK girl turning startled to meet him , the dim dark and the sudden confusion and fear and then the brightness as Mae had clicked on the light . 
 Suppose the cops somehow got hold of that ? ? 
 Well , it hadn't been what it seemed , he'd had no idea the girl was in there . 
 He hadn't touched her . 
 And when he came to examine the scene , there was a certain UNK to it , it had the smell of planning , and a swift suspicion darted into his mind . 
 Too monstrous , of course . 
 Mae wouldn't have plotted a thing like that . 
 It was just that little accidents played into her hands . 
 Like this murder . 
 He leaned on the wheel , clutching it , staring into the sunlight , and tried to bring order into his thoughts . 
 He felt UNK and sick . 
 There was no use wandering off into a territory of utter nightmare . 
 Mae was his wife . 
 She was married to him for better or for worse . 
 She wouldn't be UNK planning his destruction . 
 But she was . 
 She was . 
 Even as the conviction of truth roared through him , shattering his last hope of safety , he was reaching to release the hand UNK , to head up the road for home , doing her bidding . 
 He drove , and the road UNK , familiar scenes crept past on either side . 
 He came to a stretch of old orange groves , the trees dead , some of them UNK , and then there was an UNK shopping area , and tract houses . 
 He had the feeling that he should abandon the car and run off somewhere to hide . 
 But he couldn't imagine where . 
 There was really no place to go , finally , except home to Mae . 
 At the gate he slowed , looking around . 
 Cooper was beside his car , on the curb at the right , just standing there UNK ; ; 
 he didn't even look up . 
 Behind him on the steps of the little office sat old man Arthur ; ; 
 he was straight , something angry in his attitude , as if he might be waiting to report something . 
 Holden stepped on the gas . 
 A new idea drifted in from nowhere . 
 He could go to the police . 
 He could tell them his fears of being involved , he could explain what had happened in the old neighborhood and how Mae had misunderstood and how she had held it over him -- the scene was complete in his mind at the moment , even to his own UNK and UNK , and UNK silent patience . 
 He could throw himself on the mercy of the Police Department . 
 It wasn't what Mae would want him to do , though . 
 He was sure of this . 
 Once he had abandoned himself to the very worst , once he had UNK all the UNK of worry and suspense , there wouldn't be very much for Mae to do . 
 At that moment , Holden almost slammed on the brakes to go back to Cooper and ask if Ferguson was about . 
 It would be such a relief . 
 What was that old sign , supposed to be painted over a door somewhere , UNK hope , all ye who enter here ? ? 
 Why , Holden said to himself , surprised at his own sudden insight , I'll bet some of those people who enter are just as happy as can be . 
 They've worried , they've lain awake nights , they've shook at the slightest UNK , they've pictured their own destruction , and now it's all over and they can give up . 
 Sure , they're giving up hope . 
 Hand in hand with hope went things like terror and apprehension . 
 UNK . 
 Holden waved a hand at the empty street . 
 UNK to see you go . 
 He drove into the paved space before the garage and got out , slamming the car door . 
 He looked up and down the street . 
 If UNK car had been in sight , Holden would have walked directly to it . 
 He went to the front door and opened it and looked in . 
 Mae entered the room from the hallway to the kitchen . 
 She had a cup of something steaming , coffee perhaps , in one hand , a fresh piece of toast in the other . 
 She stood there , watching Holden come in , and she put the piece of toast in her mouth and bit off one corner with a huge UNK of her white teeth . 
 `` Mae '' -- 
 `` I've been thinking '' , she said , UNK the toast . 
 `` Didn't you have an old pair of painting overalls in the garage ? ? 
 You used them that time you painted the porch at our other house . 
 And then you wiped up some grease '' . 
 She had caught him off guard , no preparation , nothing certain but that ahead lay some kind of disaster . 
 `` No . 
 Wait a minute . 
 What do you '' -- 
 `` I've been looking for them , and they're gone . 
 I'm sure they were in the garage up until a couple of days ago . 
 Or even yesterday . 
 You used to paint in them , and then you just took them for rags . 
 The police have them now '' . 
 `` I don't remember any overalls at all '' . 
 `` They were all faded . 
 UNK through at the knees '' . 
 She stood sipping and chewing and watching . 
 `` Green paint , wasn't it ? ? 
 Well , I'm not sure of the color . 
 But you had them '' . 
 `` Mae , sit down . 
 Put down the cup of coffee . 
 Tell me what this is all about '' . 
 She shook her head . 
 She took another bite of toast . 
 Holden noticed almost absently how she chewed , how the whole side of her cheek moved , a slab of fat that extended down into her neck . 
 `` My goodness , you ought to remember if I do . 
 You're going to have to go to the police and explain what happened . 
 Tell them the truth or something before they come here '' . 
 A UNK coldness entered UNK being ; ; 
 his nerves seemed UNK down to the tips of his tingling fingers and his spine felt stiff and UNK , liable to break like an UNK at any moment . 
 `` I've never owned any painting overalls . 
 A man with a sketch pad in hand sat with a large pink woman in a small office at the end of a long , dim corridor and made pencil lines on paper and said , `` Is this more like it , Mrs. UNK ? ? 
 Or are the eyebrows more like this '' ? ? 
 When he had finished with that , he would go to another part of the hotel and say much the same things to someone else , most probably a UNK . 
 `` UNK to look like him now , would you say ? ? 
 Different about the mouth , huh ? ? 
 More like this , maybe '' ? ? 
 Men blew dust on objects in a room on the seventeenth floor of the Hotel Dumont and blew it off again , and did the same in a tiny , almost UNK room in a UNK in the West UNK . 
 And men also used vacuum cleaners in both rooms , sucking dust up once more . 
 Men from the Third Detective District , Eighteenth UNK , had the longest , the most tedious , job . 
 At the Hotel Dumont there had , at the time in issue , been twenty-three UNK , counting couples as singular . 
 These included , as one , Mr. and Mrs. Anthony Payne , who had checked in a little after noon the day before , and had not checked out together . 
 But Gardner Willings was not included ; ; 
 he had been at the Dumont for almost a week . 
 There was , of course , no special reason to believe that the man or woman they sought had stayed only overnight at the hotel . 
 The twenty-three ( or twenty-two with the UNK themselves omitted ) provided merely a place to start , and their identification was the UNK of starts . 
 With names and addresses listed , verification came next . 
 It would take time ; ; 
 it would , almost inevitably , trouble some water . 
 ( `` I certainly was not at the Dumont last night and my husband couldn't have been . 
 He's in Boston . 
 Of course he's in '' -- ) 
 The Hotel King Arthur across the street provided almost twice as many problems . 
 The King Arthur offered respectable and convenient UNK to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and didn't want -- heaven knew didn't want ! ! 
 -- to UNK anxiously through crowded streets to railroad stations and , at odd hours of night , drive from smaller stations to distant homes , probably through rain or , in November , something worse . 
 The King Arthur was less expensive than the Dumont . 
 The King Arthur had UNK UNK , again counting rooms rather than people . 
 Check the UNK out . 
 UNK to find what was wanted , as was most likely , check out other guests , with special -- but not exclusive -- attention to those with rooms on the street . 
 ( Anyone active enough can reach a roof , wherever his room may be . 
 ) And know , while all this went on , that there was no real reason to suppose that the murderer had been a guest in either hotel . 
 It was not even certain the shot had been fired from either hotel . 
 There were other roofs , less convenient but not impossible . 
 It is dull business , detecting , and hard on feet . 
 There was also the one salient question to ask , and ask widely : Did you notice anything out of the way ? ? 
 Like , for example , a man carrying a twenty-two rifle , probably with a UNK sight attached ? ? 
 There was , of course , no hope it really would be that simple . 
 The UNK , whether UNK marksman or murderer by intent , would hardly have walked to his vantage point with rifle over shoulder , whistling a marching tune . 
 UNK carrying anything that might hide a rifle ? ? 
 Long thin suitcase ? ? 
 Or long fat suitcase , for that matter ? ? 
 UNK met that , from room clerks , from UNK . 
 Who measures ? ? 
 But nothing , it appeared , long enough to attract attention . 
 UNK , say , for musical instruments ? ? 
 None noted at the Dumont . 
 Several at the King Arthur . 
 A combo was staying there . 
 And had been for a week . 
 Anything else ? ? 
 Anything at all ? ? 
 UNK met that . 
 ( Detective Pearson , Eighteenth UNK , thought for a time he might be on to something . 
 A refuse bin at the Dumont turned up a UNK box -- a very long box for very UNK flowers . 
 UNK of oil on green tissue ? ? 
 The UNK to check . 
 The UNK : sorry . 
 No oil . 
 ) 
 Anything at all strange ? ? 
 Well , a man had tried , at the King Arthur , to register with an UNK . 
 At the Dumont , a guest had come in a UNK wheel chair . 
 At the King Arthur one guest had had his head heavily bandaged , and another had a bandaged foot and had walked with crutches . 
 There had also been a man who must have had St. UNK or something , because he kept UNK his head . 
 As reports UNK in , William Weigand tossed them into the UNK which had become his head . 
 Mullins came in . 
 There was no sign of Mrs. Lauren Payne at her house on UNK Road , UNK , Connecticut . 
 The house was modern , large , on five acres . 
 Must have cost plenty . 
 The State cops would check from time to time ; ; 
 pass word when there was word to pass . 
 Weigand tossed this news into the UNK . 
 UNK things out , damn it . 
 UNK out the next move . 
 Try to forget motive for the moment . 
 Consider opportunity . 
 Only those actually with Payne when he was shot , or who had left the party within not more than five minutes ( make five arbitrary ) positively had none . 
 The UNK ; ; 
 UNK , UNK publicity director ; ; 
 UNK UNK , producer of UNK . 
 They had been with Payne when he was shot , could not therefore have shot him from above . 
 Take Gardner Willings . 
 He had left after the UNK ; ; 
 had been seen to leave . 
 He would have had ample time to go into a blind somewhere and wait his prey . 
 Consider him seriously , therefore ? ? 
 UNK entered , then -- UNK which felt like facts . 
 Willings would ambush , certainly ; ; 
 Willings undoubtedly had . 
 Willings was , presumably , a better than average shot . 
 But -- hunch , now -- Willings would not ambush anything which went on two legs instead of four . 
 Because , if for no other reason , Willings would never for a moment suppose he was not bigger , tougher , than anything else that went on two legs . 
 UNK are laid by those who doubt themselves , as any man may against a tiger . 
 Faith Constable had had to `` go on '' from the party and had , presumably , gone on . 
 To be checked out further . 
 UNK motive ? ? 
 No , motive is a part of fact . 
 Nobody in his right mind UNK a UNK UNK . 
 UNK simply do not keep that well in a sane mind . 
 Faith Constable had accomplished much in a quarter of a century . 
 UNK it now to correct so old a wrong ? ? 
 Bill shook his head . 
 Also , he thought , I doubt if she could hit the side of a barn with a shotgun . 
 Lauren herself ? ? 
 She had left the party early , pleading a headache . 
 No lack of opportunity , UNK she had a gun . 
 She might , conceivably , have brought one in in a UNK suitcase . 
 ( Check on the Payne luggage . 
 ) She might now have taken it away again . 
 UNK -- her husband wandering ? ? 
 UNK , UNK jealousy ? ? 
 Heaven knew it happened and hell knew it too . 
 But -- it happened , almost always , among the primitive and , usually , among the very young . 
 ( Call it mentally young ; ; 
 call it retarded . 
 ) There was nothing to indicate that Lauren Payne was primitive . 
 She did not move in primitive circles . 
 She was young , but not that young . 
 It occurred to Bill Weigand that he was , on a hunch basis , eliminating a good many . 
 He reminded himself that all UNK were tentative . 
 He also reminded himself that he had an unusual number of possibilities . 
 The UNK , mother or son , or mother and son ? ? 
 UNK was obvious . 
 UNK . 
 Here , too , the cause to hate lay well back in the years . 
 But bitterness had more cause to remain , even increasingly to UNK . 
 With the boy , particularly . 
 The boy had , apparently -- if Mrs. UNK was right in what she had told Mullins -- only in recent months been forced to give up college , to work as a UNK . 
 Seeing the man he blamed for this made much of -- youth and bitterness and -- 
 Bill picked up the telephone ; ; 
 got Mullins . 
 `` Send out a pickup on Mrs. Mason and the boy when you've got enough to go on '' , Bill said . 
 `` Right '' ? ? 
 Mullins would do . 
 A man named UNK Simon , UNK , had expressed a wish that Anthony Payne drop dead . 
 He would say , of course , that he had not really had any such wish ; ; 
 that what he had said was no more than one of those things one does say , lightly , meaning nothing . 
 Which probably would turn out to be true ; ; 
 which he obviously had to be given the opportunity to say . 
 A man named UNK Smythe , with `` UNK '' and `` UNK '' but pronounced without them , had been fired at UNK insistence . 
 He was also , if Pam North was right , a closer acquaintance of Lauren UNK than she , now , was inclined to admit . 
 He might deny the latter ; ; 
 would certainly deny any connection between the two things , or any connection of either with murder . 
 He would have to be given the opportunity . 
 Mullins ? ? 
 It was evident that Mullins was the man to go . 
 It was evident that a captain should remain at his desk , directing with a firm hand and keeping a firm seat . 
 Bill Weigand was good and tired of the wall opposite , and the crack in the plaster . 
 Let Mullins keep the firm seat ; ; 
 let Stein . 
 When Siamese cats are intertwined it is difficult to tell where one leaves off and another begins . 
 UNK and Shadow , on UNK bed , appeared to be one cat -- rather large , as Siamese cats go , and , to be sure , having two heads and two tails . 
 On the other hand , they , or it , seemed to have no legs whatever . 
 Pamela North said , `` Hi '' , to her cats , and added that proper cats met their humans at the door . 
 Of four dark brown ears , one twitched slightly at this . 
 `` All right '' , Pam said . 
 `` I know it isn't UNK '' . 
 But at this the one UNK cat suddenly became two cats , stretching . 
 Shadow , the more talkative , began at once to talk , her voice UNK . 
 UNK , a more direct cat , leaped from the bed and trotted briskly toward the kitchen . 
 Shadow looked surprised , UNK , and trotted after her . 
 The hell it isn't UNK , two waving tails told Pam North . 
 It was not , whatever tale was told by tails . 
 Martha presumably would cope . 
 She might be firm . 
 It was most unlikely that she would be firm . 
 They want to be fat cats , Pam thought , and lighted a cigarette and leaned back on a UNK and considered pulling her thoughts together . 
 After a time , it occurred to her that her thoughts were not worth the trouble . 
 A vague feeling that Anthony Payne had had it coming was hardly a thought and was , in any event , UNK . 
 Had Faith UNK explanation of her confidence , so UNK , been a little thin ? ? 
 That was more like a thought , but not a great deal more . 
 Had that tall dark boy , carrying UNK too heavy for him , found what he might have considered UNK of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? ? 
 And possessed himself -- how ? ? 
 -- of a rifle and killed ? ? 
 Pam found she had no answers ; ; 
 had only a hope . 
 The poor kid -- the poor , frail kid . 
 Some people have luck and some have no luck and that , whatever people who prefer order say , is the size of it . 
 The poor , UNK -- 
 The telephone rang . 
 Pam realized , to her surprise , that she had been almost UNK . 
 At four o'clock in the afternoon . 
 Two UNK for lunch -- that was the trouble . 
 I ought to remember . 
 Don't pretend . 
 You do remember . 
 You just -- `` Hello ? ? 
 Yes , this is she ? ? 
 What '' ? ? 
 The voice had music in it . 
 Even with words coming too fast , they came on the music of the voice . 
 `` I said I would '' , Pam said . 
 `` They won't talk about who gave the information . 
 Not unless they have to . 
 They don't , Mrs. Constable . 
 Not unless they have '' -- 
 She was interrupted . 
 `` Call this a cry for help '' , Faith Constable said . 
 `` Through a door conveniently unlocked '' , Madden supplemented . 
 `` That damn door '' , said the police chief . 
 `` A gift horse to be viewed with suspicion '' . 
 UNK dark face wore a UNK look . 
 `` If there was UNK between an outside murderer and a member of the household it would be an elementary precaution to check on the door later . 
 And it makes a very poor red UNK for an inside job . 
 Much better to break a cellar window '' . 
 `` Don't forget , there was the hope it would pass for a natural death '' , Pauling reminded him . 
 `` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that wouldn't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' . 
 `` Yeah . 
 And a UNK of glass isn't hard to '' -- 
 The telephone interrupted him . 
 He UNK up the receiver and said , `` Police chief '' , into the mouthpiece , and then , `` Oh yes , Mr. Benson . 
 I was hoping I'd hear from you today '' . 
 With his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` Uh-huh '' and `` I see '' at intervals . 
 At last he said , `` Well , thank you for calling , Mr. Benson . 
 Although there was no doubt in my mind and we've been handling it as one I'm glad to have it made official '' . 
 He hung up . 
 `` UNK '' , he said to Madden . 
 `` He's just heard from the UNK who says Mrs. Meeker apparently died from UNK '' . 
 Pauling looked at his notes . 
 `` Many minute UNK in the lungs ; ; 
 particles of UNK and thread in the mouth and UNK . 
 UNK from the bed linen identical with the UNK and thread found in the UNK and oral UNK . 
 No other cause of death apparent . 
 UNK clear of UNK and foreign objects . 
 UNK examined for UNK , UNK or hemorrhage . 
 No signs of these , no gross hemorrhage of lungs , heart , brain or stomach '' . 
 He paused . 
 `` That's about it . 
 Oh , the time of death . 
 The duration of the UNK process varies , the UNK says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper UNK tract indicate that Mrs. Meeker died several hours after her UNK dinner . 
 Probably around midnight , give or take an hour either way '' . 
 Pauling paused again . 
 `` So there it is '' , he said . 
 `` Not your problem , of course , unless Johnston and the murderer are one and the same '' . 
 They discussed this possibility . 
 However likely it was , Pauling said , he couldn't limit himself to it . 
 He had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to Johnston came to light . 
 Madden , with his investigation centered on the fraud , said that tomorrow he would go to the Bronx bank through which Mrs. Meeker's checks to Johnston had cleared . 
 Arthur Williams had to be located , they agreed . 
 He might have been in UNK with Johnston on the fraud ; ; 
 he might be Mrs. Meeker's murderer or have played some part in her death . 
 This was UNK suggestion ; ; 
 the police chief shook his head over it . 
 If Arthur Williams was involved in the fraud or the murder , then he too had another identity . 
 No one the UNK police had questioned professed to know any more about him than about Johnston . 
 UNK applicant ? ? 
 Pauling looked doubtful . 
 Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs. Meeker . 
 Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o'clock . 
 Madden said that he would see him at two and made another call , this one to Mrs. Meeker's lawyers . 
 Mr. Hohlbein was out for the day , but Mr. Garth would be free at UNK . 
 The secretary's tone indicated that an appointment at such short notice was a UNK for which Madden should be duly grateful . 
 He UNK that Hohlbein and Garth were high-priced lawyers . 
 He had lunch with Pauling . 
 UNK at UNK he entered Hohlbein and Garth's elegant suite of offices in UNK newest professional building . 
 He disliked Garth on sight , conservative clothes and UNK , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , UNK too consciously quick and firm . 
 UNK man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; ; 
 that Mrs. Garth would be UNK suitable as the wife of a rising young lawyer ; ; 
 that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; ; 
 that she was active in the Woman's Club and he in UNK , Rotary , and UNK ; ; 
 and finally , that neither of them had UNK an unorthodox opinion since their wedding day . 
 Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on UNK Garth . 
 Garth was prepared to be helpful in what he referred to with UNK distaste as this unfortunate Johnston affair , which would not , he said more than once , have ever come about if Mrs. Meeker had only seen fit to consult Mr. Hohlbein or him about it . 
 Madden regretted not being able to find fault with so true a statement . 
 He asked to see a copy of Mrs. Meeker's will . 
 Garth brought one out . 
 The date , October 8 , 1957 , immediately caught the UNK eye . 
 `` UNK recent '' , he remarked . 
 `` Was she in the habit of making new UNK '' ? ? 
 `` Oh no . 
 She had reason to change the one she made right after Mr. Meeker's death . 
 Her estate had grown considerably . 
 She wanted to make a more equitable distribution of it among the groups that would benefit the most ; ; 
 particularly the scholarship fund . 
 At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' . 
 Garth hesitated . 
 `` Mr. Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since , though . 
 Most of them this past year , I'd say . 
 Even two or three years ago I doubt that she'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
 She'd have consulted us , you see . 
 She always did before , and showed the utmost confidence in whatever we advised '' . 
 The inspector nodded , UNK this . 
 Mrs. Meeker hadn't struck him as ready to seek anyone's advice , least of all Garth's . 
 With her sharp tongue she'd have cut his UNK to ribbons . 
 It would have been Hohlbein who handled her affairs . 
 Madden settled back to read the will . 
 He skimmed over the millions that went to Meeker Park , UNK Hospital , the civic center , the Public Health UNK Association , the library , and so on , UNK when he came to the scholarship fund . 
 Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker's lifetime , and the UNK made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities UNK of the fund would entail . 
 A splendid vote of confidence in Thayer , Madden reflected . 
 UNK , too . 
 Very nice for him . 
 He went on to personal UNK , a list of names largely unknown to him . 
 UNK thousand to each of the UNK in Oregon ( not much to blood relatives out of millions ) ten thousand to this friend and that , five thousand to another ; ; 
 to Brian Thayer , the sum of ten thousand dollars ; ; 
 to the UNK , ten thousand each ; ; 
 to Joan Sheldon the UNK bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. Meeker's employ at the time of the latter's death . 
 ( No additional five thousand for each year after UNK UNK birthday ; ; 
 Mrs. Meeker hadn't got around to taking care of that . 
 ) 
 Too bad , Madden thought . 
 Joan Sheldon had earned the larger bequest . 
 Mr. Hohlbein was left twenty thousand , Garth ten . 
 There were no other names Madden recognized . 
 Arthur UNK might well have been included , he felt . 
 Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers . 
 Madden took up this point with Garth , who shrugged it off . 
 `` Old people have their UNK '' . 
 `` This one came a bit high at thirty thousand or more . 
 `` Well , she had a number of them where money was concerned '' , Garth said . 
 `` Sometimes we'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a UNK ; ; 
 the next moment she'd put another half million into the scholarship fund or thirty thousand into something as impractical as this unfortunate Johnston affair . 
 There was no telling how she'd react to spending money '' . 
 Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund . 
 There was an annual audit , Garth informed him . 
 No discrepancies or UNK had ever been found . 
 Brian Thayer was a thoroughly honest and competent administrator . 
 His salary had reached the ten thousand mark . 
 His expenses ran another four or five thousand . 
 The lawyer didn't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party -- Thayer , like himself , Madden reflected , was the extra man so UNK by UNK -- and found him easy enough to talk to . 
 But he didn't play golf , didn't seem to belong to any local clubs -- his work took him away a lot , of course -- which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself . 
 Garth's glance began to UNK to his watch . 
 He said that he had already told the police chief that he didn't know what insurance man had recommended Johnston to Mrs. Meeker . 
 He would offer no theory to account for her murder . 
 The whole thing , his manner conveyed , was so far outside the normal routine of Hohlbein and Garth that it practically demanded being swept under the rug . 
 No doubt Mrs. Meeker had UNK him many a time and he felt no grief over her passing . 
 Even so , UNK dislike of the UNK , correct lawyer UNK . 
 It would be all right with him , he decided , if his investigation of the fraud , with its probable UNK of murder , led to Garth's door . 
 UNK ? ? 
 UNK bequest . 
 At first glance , not much of a motive for a man of his standing ; ; 
 but for all his air of affluence , who could tell what his private financial picture was ? ? 
 The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking . 
 Nevertheless , he made a mental note to look into Garth's financial background . 
 Brian Thayer had a downtown address . 
 He lived in an apartment house not over three or four years old , a UNK island of UNK brick and glass on the fringe of the business district . 
 He occupied a UNK apartment on the fourth floor , using the second bedroom as his office . 
 UNK and bright , the apartment was furnished with good modern furniture , rugs , and draperies . 
 UNK by a professional decorator , Madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as UNK as its occupant . 
 In UNK the rent would run close to two hundred a month ; ; 
 in UNK , perhaps twenty-five less , not all of it paid by Thayer , who could charge off one room on his expense account . 
 He took Madden into the room he used as an office . 
 It contained a desk , files , a typewriter on a stand , and two big leather UNK . 
 A newspaper open at UNK reports lay on one of them . 
 Thayer folded it up and offered a drink . 
 The inspector declined . 
 To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston . 
 Thayer shook his head . 
 `` It's all I think about , too . 
 That and her death . 
 It's still unbelievable that it was murder . 
 For all her UNK ways , I can't conceive of her having had a deadly enemy '' . 
 `` Dammit , Phil , are you trying to wreck my career ? ? 
 Because that's what you're doing -- wrecking it , wrecking it , wrecking it '' ! ! 
 Griffith had confronted Hoag on the UNK front steps -- Hoag had been permitted no further -- and backed him against a UNK UNK . 
 His rage had built up as he made his way here from the second floor , helped by the quantity of champagne he had consumed . 
 Hoag said , `` I didn't send for you , UNK . 
 I want the captain in charge . 
 Where is he '' ? ? 
 `` Phil , for God's sake , go away . 
 The UNK in there . 
 I told you there's nothing between Midge and me , nothing . 
 It's all in your mind '' . 
 A couple of UNK escaped him , followed by a sentiment that revealed his emotional state . 
 `` Why , I'm not fit to touch the hem of her garment '' . 
 `` UNK , get a grip on yourself . 
 It's not about you or Midge . 
 I have some security information about the prime minister '' . 
 Griffith looked at him suspiciously through UNK eyes . 
 `` Not about me ? ? 
 You mean it , Phil ? ? 
 You wouldn't pull my leg , old man ? ? 
 I did get you on the platform this morning '' . 
 `` I'm not pulling your leg . 
 Will you call that captain '' ? ? 
 `` No use , he won't come '' . 
 He peered closely at Hoag in the gathering darkness . 
 `` What happened to your head '' ? ? 
 `` I was hit -- knocked out . 
 Now will you get him '' ? ? 
 `` He says I'm to take the message '' . 
 He stared at Hoag drunkenly . 
 `` UNK hit you in the head '' ? ? 
 `` It doesn't matter . 
 You get back to the captain and tell him this : UNK going to take a shot at the prime minister , and Mahzeer is in on the plot . 
 Tell him under no circumstances to trust the prime minister with Mahzeer '' . 
 Griffith said , `` That's impossible . 
 Mahzeer's the ambassador '' . 
 `` Nevertheless it's true '' . 
 `` UNK '' . 
 Griffith was trying to clear his head of the champagne UNK that UNK it . 
 `` I'll show you how wrong you are . 
 Mahzeer and the prime minister are alone right now '' . 
 He nodded triumphantly . 
 `` So that proves it '' ! ! 
 Hoag looked terrified . 
 `` Where are they '' ? ? 
 `` Where'd you expect , the UNK ? ? 
 Mahzeer's office '' . 
 `` Where is that '' ? ? 
 `` UNK us , two flights up . 
 Look , old man , you can't go up . 
 They won't even let you in the front door . 
 So why don't you be a good boy and '' -- 
 Hoag grabbed him by the shoulders . 
 `` Listen to me , UNK . 
 If you want to spend another day in the State Department -- another day -- you get in there and tell that captain what I told you '' . 
 He bit out the words . 
 `` And you know I can do it '' . 
 Griffith raised UNK hands . 
 `` UNK does it , Phil . 
 I was just going . 
 I'm on my way '' . 
 He turned and fled into the house and made his way up the marble stairs without once looking back . 
 On the second landing he paused to look for Docherty , didn't see him , and accepted a glass of champagne . 
 He took several large UNK , UNK that Docherty had gone up another flight , and decided he would be wise to cover himself by finding him . 
 The way Hoag was , no telling what he might say or do . 
 He finished his champagne and climbed UNK to the next landing . 
 At the top a uniformed officer blocked further progress . 
 `` Yes , what is it '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 `` I want Captain Docherty '' . 
 He spotted Docherty coming out of a room at the far end of the corridor and called to him . 
 Docherty said , `` It's okay , UNK , let him by '' . 
 They walked toward each other . 
 `` Well '' ? ? 
 Griffith said , `` Hoag told me to tell you '' -- he waited until they were close ; ; 
 it was UNK embarrassing -- `` not to let the prime minister be alone with Mahzeer '' . 
 Griffith looked UNK to the captain ; ; 
 it would be just like him . 
 `` Why not '' ? ? 
 `` He claims Mahzeer's in a plot to kill the P.M. '' . 
 Docherty went taut : was it possible ? ? 
 Could the ambassador himself be the man on this side the prime minister feared ? ? 
 Not possible , he thought ; ; 
 the prime minister knew who his enemy was here ; ; 
 he wasn't going to allow himself to be led UNK to the slaughter . 
 And if by some wild chance Mahzeer was the man , he wouldn't dare try anything now -- not after Docherty had looked in on the two of them to see that all was well . 
 Docherty was damned if he would make a fool of himself again the way he had earlier over the laundry truck . 
 One more UNK play like that one and they'd be leading him away . 
 Still , this had to be checked out . 
 `` Where'd your friend Hoag get his information '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 `` UNK the UNK , Captain '' . 
 `` Would you mind sending him up here ? ? 
 I'd like to talk to him '' . 
 UNK , he continued along the corridor , poking his head into the next office for a careful look around . 
 But Hoag had not stayed on the front steps when Griffith disappeared into the building . 
 He was unwilling to rely on UNK carrying his message , and he had no confidence the police would act on it . 
 If Mahzeer was alone with the prime minister he could be arranging his execution while Hoag stood out here shivering in the darkening street . 
 He would have to do something on his own . 
 But what ? ? 
 The door opened and three men and a woman in a UNK swept past him and down the stairs . 
 In the lighted interior he saw other men and women struggling into their UNK . 
 These were the early departures ; ; 
 in half an hour the reception would be over . 
 If Mahzeer was planning to set up the prime minister for Muller he would have to do it in the next few minutes . 
 Hoag descended the stone steps to the street and looked up at the building . 
 UNK windows with many small UNK UNK swept across the upper stories . 
 On the second floor he saw the animated faces of the party guests ; ; 
 the scene looked like a Christmas card . 
 On the third floor one of the two windows was lighted ; ; 
 it was framed in UNK UNK , and no faces were visible . 
 This would be Mahzeer's office . 
 He and the prime minister would be back from the window , seated at Mahzeer's desk ; ; 
 they would be going over papers Mahzeer had saved as excuse for just such a meeting . 
 In a minute , or five minutes , the business would be done ; ; 
 Mahzeer would stand up , the prime minister would follow . 
 Mahzeer would direct the prime UNK attention to something out the window and would guide him forward and then step to one side . 
 The single shot would come ; ; 
 Hoag would carry its sound to his grave . 
 Mahzeer , of course , would be desolate . 
 How was he to suspect that an assassin had been UNK somewhere across the street waiting for just such a chance ? ? 
 Hoag turned . 
 Where across the street ? ? 
 Where was Muller waiting with the rifle ? ? 
 UNK UNK buildings ran the length of the block like books tightly packed on a shelf . 
 Most of them could be eliminated ; ; 
 UNK would have to be one of the half dozen almost directly opposite . 
 The UNK was generously set back from the building line ; ; 
 if the angle of fire were too great the UNK buildings on either side would interfere . 
 Would the shot come from a roof ? ? 
 He ran his eye along the roof UNK ; ; 
 almost at once a figure UNK up . 
 But UNK glinting on the dark form were the buttons and badge of a policeman . 
 With a cop UNK the road Muller would have to be inside a building -- if he was here at all , and not waiting for the prime minister somewhere between this street and the terminal building at La UNK Airport . 
 Hoag crossed the narrow street , UNK between parked cars to reach the sidewalk . 
 From this side he could see farther into the UNK UNK window , but he saw no faces ; ; 
 the UNK occupants were still seated or they had been called into the hallway by an alarmed police captain . 
 If only the latter were true . 
 He walked rapidly along the buildings scanning their UNK : one was a club -- that was out ; ; 
 two others he ruled out because all their windows were lighted . 
 That left three , possibly four , one looking much like the next . 
 He climbed the steps of the first and opened the door to the UNK . 
 He quickly closed it again . 
 He had assumed that all these buildings had been divided into apartments , but this one , from a glance at the hall furnishings , was obviously still a functioning town house , and its owners were in residence ; ; 
 that made it doubtful as the hiding place of a man whose plans had to be made in advance . 
 He went on to the next building and found what he expected -- the mingled cooking UNK of a public UNK . 
 On one wall was the brass front of a row of mailboxes ; ; 
 there were six apartments . 
 Now what ? ? 
 The names on the mailboxes meant nothing to him . 
 This was senseless -- he had no idea what to look for . 
 He peered in the boxes themselves ; ; 
 all were empty except one , and that one was jammed with letters and magazines . 
 The occupants of UNK Number 3 were probably away for a few days , and not likely to return on a Friday . 
 Had Muller made the same deduction ? ? 
 Muller was attracted to the lore of mailboxes . 
 He opened the inner door ; ; 
 the cooking odors were stronger -- all over the city , at this hour , housewives would be UNK over UNK . 
 He climbed , as quickly as he could urge his body , up the two unbroken flights to the third floor , pulling himself along on a delicate UNK , all that remained of the UNK beauty . 
 He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead . 
 Now he was certain : the lock had not yielded to UNK collection of keys ; ; 
 fresh scars showed that the door had been UNK open . 
 It had been shut again , but the lock was broken ; ; 
 he noted with a thrill of fear that the door moved under his touch . 
 What was he to do now ? ? 
 He had thought no further than finding Muller . 
 He realized now he had more than half hoped he wouldn't find him -- that Muller would not be here , that the attempt would be scheduled for somewhere beyond UNK control . 
 He could not break in on an armed man . 
 He would have to climb back down to the street and signal a cop . 
 Was there time ? ? 
 His thoughts were scattered by the sharp report of a rifle from the other side of the door . 
 Hoag pushed open the door : at the far end of the long dark room Muller was faintly UNK against the window , the rifle still raised ; ; 
 he stood with his feet apart on a kitchen table he had dragged to the sill . 
 He turned his head to the source of the disturbance and instantly back to the window and his rifle sight , UNK Hoag for the moment with the same contempt he had shown in their encounter at UNK apartment . 
 Hoag stretched his left hand to the wall and fumbled for the switch : evil flourishes in the dark . 
 The room was bathed in light at the instant UNK second shot came . 
 Muller , UNK exposed at the bright window like a deer pinned in a car's headlights , threw down the rifle and turned to jump from the table ; ; 
 his face wore a look of outrage . 
 A shot caught him and straightened him up in screaming pain ; ; 
 a following volley of shots shattered glass , ripped the ceiling , and sent him UNK heavily from the table . 
 He was dead before his body made contact with the floor . 
 Hoag stumbled back into the hall , leaned against the wall , and started to UNK . 
 After Captain Docherty sent UNK Griffith for Hoag he was able to complete his detailed inspection of the third floor and to receive a report from his man covering the floors above before Griffith returned , UNK up by a brief stop for another glass of champagne . 
 The safe at UNK District Station stands next to the gum machine in a narrow passageway that leads to Captain UNK office ( to the left ) , the UNK office ( farther along and to the left ) and the UNK supply closet ( straight ahead ) . 
 The safe is a repository for three dead flashlight UNK , a hundred and fifty UNK left-hand fingerprint cards , a stack of UNK UNK Ball tickets from last year , and UNK cents in coins and stamps . 
 Gun set the captain's fifth of UNK Walker inside the safe before he reported to Lt. Killpath , though he knew that Killpath's ulcer prevented him from making any UNK UNK on Herman UNK gift . 
 It was more a matter of tact , and also it was none of Killpath's goddam business . 
 He walked up to the UNK office , leaned wearily against the gun rack that housed four rifles and a gas gun nobody remembered having used and a UNK gun that was occasionally tried out on the Academy UNK . 
 He stared at the clerk who sat at a UNK and ancient UNK desk UNK UNK . 
 `` Where's the UNK '' ? ? 
 The clerk UNK his head toward the captain's office . 
 Gun went to the connecting door , which was open , and stood at attention while Orville UNK Killpath , in full uniform , finished UNK his hair . 
 The UNK sparse brown hair was heavily UNK , and as Killpath raked the comb through it , it stuck together in UNK so that it looked like umbrella ribs clinging to his pink UNK . 
 The lieutenant eyed UNK reflection in the mirror over the UNK and then glanced back at his own face , moving the comb methodically around his head . 
 Leave me alone , Gun thought . 
 UNK with Sam UNK , fight with the whole damned Bureau . 
 But leave me alone . 
 Because I'm looking for the son of a bitch that killed that old man , and I'm going to get him . 
 If you just leave me to hell alone , Lieutenant . 
 Killpath peered through UNK lids at his reflection , thrust up his chin in a gesture of satisfaction and UNK . 
 Gun waited for Killpath to sit down behind the desk near the window . 
 He sat UNK in a chair that did not swivel , though it was obvious to Gun that Killpath felt his position as acting captain plainly merited a swivel chair . 
 The desk before him was in no better repair than the rest of the furniture crowded into the room , including wooden file cabinets with some of their pulls yanked off and a wardrobe stained with the roof UNK of countless seasons . 
 Killpath pulled one thin leg up , UNK his arms around the UNK to press his knee into an incredibly scrawny UNK . 
 It was the posture which the men had come to recognize as that of Killpath UNK his ulcer . 
 He put his chin on his UNK , stretching his neck like that of a UNK on a chopping block , and stared UNK at his sergeant . 
 Gun waited . 
 The UNK bell rang and he could hear the outside doors bang shut , closing in the assembled day watch . 
 Finally , Orville intoned through his hawk nose , `` We can't have people running in any time they please , Sergeant '' . 
 `` No , sir '' . 
 `` Running in , running out . 
 Can't have it . 
 Makes for confusion and congestion '' . 
 He rocked back in the chair , knee locked against stomach , his UNK eyes fixed on Matson . 
 He was silent again , possibly listening to the sounds in the UNK . 
 Roll was being called . 
 Gun cleared his throat . 
 Killpath said , `` You were expected to report to my office twenty minutes ago , Sergeant . 
 That's not getting all the juice out of the orange , now is it '' ? ? 
 `` No , sir '' . 
 Then Killpath smiled . 
 Gun knew that nothing but UNK back to back would give the lieutenant an ulcer and a smile at the same time . 
 The UNK platoon commander , Lt. UNK , was calling out the beat assignments , but Matson couldn't make the names mean anything . 
 `` I called the station at three this morning '' , Killpath's UNK voice pronounced . 
 `` Do you have any idea who might have been in charge at the time '' ? ? 
 `` Sergeant UNK , sir '' . 
 `` Now , now , you're just guessing , Sergeant '' . 
 He smiled UNK , UNK his joke . 
 `` What if I said nobody was here but a couple of UNK '' ? ? 
 `` Sir , UNK knows better than to leave the station without a relief . 
 He must have '' -- 
 `` He let a patrolman take over the duties of the station UNK . 
 Now that's not regulation , is it '' ? ? 
 `` No , sir '' . 
 `` But you didn't know a thing about it , did you '' ? ? 
 Killpath leaned forward ; ; 
 his foot slipped off the chair and he put it back again , frowning now . 
 `` That's not taking one's command with a responsible attitude , Matson '' . 
 Gun told himself that the old bastard was a fool . 
 But stupidity was no UNK when it had rank . 
 `` I was out in the district , sir '' . 
 `` Oh , yes . 
 So I have heard '' . 
 He stretched a pale hand out to the scattered papers on his desk . 
 `` I might point out that your inability to report to my office this morning when you were instructed to do so has not ah limited my knowledge of your activities as you may have hoped '' . 
 He took up a white sheet of paper , dark with UNK data . 
 A car pulled into the driveway outside the window . 
 Gun knew it was Car 12 , the wagon , returned from delivering UNK UNK to the City Jail . 
 But for some fool reason he couldn't remember which men he'd put on the transfer detail . 
 He stared at the report in Killpath's hand , sure it was written by Accacia -- just as sure as if he'd submitted it in his scrawled UNK . 
 He sucked in his breath and kept quiet while Killpath laid down the sheet again , wound the UNK stems of his glasses around his ears and then , UNK the report as it lay before him on the desk , intoned , `` Acting Lieutenant UNK Matson one failed to see that the station UNK was properly relieved two UNK himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station's activities or the whereabouts of his section UNK three permitted members of the Homicide UNK of the UNK Bureau to UNK for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander Acting Captain O. T. Killpath of a UNK occurring in the district five UNK UNK establishments known as UNK spots for purposes of an unofficial and UNK social nature and six '' -- he leaned back and peeled off his glasses `` -- failed to co-operate with the Acting Captain by returning promptly when so ordered . 
 What have you to say to that , Sergeant '' ? ? 
 Killpath sailed the paper across the desk , but Matson didn't pick it up or even glance at it . 
 `` Well '' ? ? 
 `` I didn't think Accacia knew so many big words , Lieutenant '' . 
 Killpath licked his lips . 
 `` Patrolman Accacia is an alert and conscientious UNK officer . 
 I don't think his UNK UNK your UNK , Matson '' . 
 `` UNK , hell '' ! ! 
 Gun held his breath a moment , pushing the volume and pitch of his voice down under the UNK in his throat . 
 `` Sir . 
 I would have been UNK and a goddam lousy cop to boot , if I'd sat around this station all night when somebody got away with murder in my district . 
 It's too bad I didn't call you , and it's too bad I let UNK use Accacia when he could have had a boy who'd be glad to learn something of Homicide procedure . 
 But I'm not one damned bit sorry I went out to question the people I know in the places they hang around , and '' -- 
 `` Let's not push our patience beyond the danger line , Sergeant '' , Killpath UNK . 
 `` I shouldn't like to have to write you up for UNK as well as UNK of duty '' . 
 Gun stiffened , his hands UNK into fists at his sides . 
 He clamped his jaws to keep the fury from UNK out . 
 An argument with Orville UNK Killpath was as UNK and as futile as a cap pistol on a firing range . 
 Killpath leaned forward again , rocked comfortably with his arms still wrapped around one knee . 
 `` Let's just remember , Sergeant , that we must all carry our own umbrella . 
 A district station can't run smoothly , unless '' -- He interrupted himself , looking around Gun at the doorway . 
 `` UNK , Lieutenant UNK '' . 
 `` UNK , Orville . 
 I thought you hadn't come in yet '' . 
 `` I've been here for some time '' . 
 He stood up , cocked his head and eyed Gun coldly . 
 `` The sergeant is just leaving '' . 
 It had come as no great surprise to Matson that the hot water in the UNK didn't work , that UNK UNK had thrown up all over the stairs , or that some thieving bastard of a cop had walked off with his cigarettes . 
 It was the best he could hope for on a watch that had ended with a session in Killpath's office . 
 Now , as he passed the open counter that divided the assembly room from the business office , he nodded and said good night to the station UNK and his clerks , not stopping to hear the UNK UNK of his chewing out . 
 Not that he gave a damn what the UNK sent out about Killpath's little speech on the UNK of platoon commanders . 
 He just didn't want to talk about it . 
 If the acting captain wanted his acting lieutenant to sit on his ass around the station all night , Killpath would just have to go out and drag Gun back by the heels once an hour ; ; 
 because he'd be damned if he was going to be a UNK UNK just to please his UNK UNK captain . 
 At the doorway he UNK up at the gray morning overcast and patted his jacket pockets for the cigarettes , remembering then that he'd left them at the UNK . 
 He could pick up another pack on his way home , if he were going home . 
 But even before he started across the UNK road to his Plymouth , parked in the lot under the cypress trees across from the station , he knew that he wasn't going home . 
 Not yet . 
 It was nine o'clock in the morning : the hour which , like a spade turning clods of earth , exposed to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain dormant in the quiet night . 
 Mission Street at this hour was populated by a whole community that Gun could not have seen on his tour of duty -- the neighborhood that had known UNK UNK by day . 
 Then 
 UNK Phillips had purchased the Alliance UNK UNK seventeen years ago . 
 It was UNK worth three thousand dollars in stock and good will , and the name was written in gold in UNK letters across each of the two display windows . 
 On the right window , at eye level , in smaller print but also in gold , was UNK , UNK , and under that , UNK UNK UNK . 
 Mr. Phillips took a razor to UNK , UNK , but left the promise that Spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that Spanish UNK would be welcome . 
 UNK was no problem anyway ; ; 
 Mr. Phillips had only to signal from his doorway to UNK aid from the UNK UNK children who played on the sidewalks of Mission Street . 
 Aside from the fact that business was slow this time of year and his one UNK was not the most enterprising , Mr. Phillips had no worries at all , and he said as much to Gun Matson , who sat across from him in civilian clothes , on a UNK , UNK UNK , UNK UNK special ! ! 
 `` She's honest as the day '' , Mr. Phillips said , and added , `` Mr. UNK , I can say this to you : Beebe is a little too honest . 
 You can't tell a customer how much it's going to cost him to UNK his payments before he even signs for a loan on the money down ! ! 
 A time plan is a mere convenience , you understand , and when '' -- He interrupted himself , smiling . 
 `` I put her in lamps . 
 That way I don't lose so much '' . 
 `` Why don't you just hire somebody else '' ? ? 
 `` She says she has to finish a story '' . 
 He shrugged . 
 `` I asked her why she couldn't do it tomorrow , but it seems the UNK is working good tonight and she's afraid to let it go '' . 
 Casey made some comment , but his mind was busy as he considered the man . 
 His name was George Needham and he , too , had come from a good family . 
 He was perhaps UNK , nicely set up , with light brown hair that had a pronounced wave . 
 He was always well groomed and well tailored , and he had that rich man's look which was authentic enough and came from two good UNK schools and a proper university . 
 An only child , he had done all the things that young men do who have been born to money and social position until his father UNK him by dying broke . 
 Since then he had worked at this and that , though some said his main interest was gambling . 
 All this went through UNK mind in the first instant , but what held his interest was the fact that these two should be together at all . 
 For he had understood that UNK had been engaged to a boy named UNK Jenkins . 
 She had grown up with young Jenkins , and he had heard that they had been at the point of getting married at least twice . 
 He wanted to ask her about Jenkins now , but he knew he couldn't do so in UNK presence . 
 And so , still wondering and a little UNK , he grinned at the girl and spoke lightly to make sure that she would know he was kidding . 
 `` Where did you pick him up '' ? ? 
 `` Oh , I've known him quite a while '' . 
 She glanced at her companion fondly . 
 `` UNK I , George '' ? ? 
 `` I've been after her for years '' , Needham said , `` but I've never been able to get anywhere until the last few days '' . 
 The girl's eyes were softly shining as she reached out and touched UNK hand . 
 `` Can I tell you a secret ? ? 
 We're going to get married . 
 Do you approve '' ? ? 
 Casey kept his smile fixed , but some small inner disturbance was working on him as he thought again about Needham , who was eight or ten years older than the girl . 
 He wondered whether Needham was going to swear off gambling and get a steady job or whether he was counting on the income from UNK estate to subsidize him . 
 None of this showed in his face , and he tried to keep his skepticism in hand . 
 He made a point of frowning , of acting out the part of the fond UNK . 
 `` I'll have to give it some thought '' , he said . 
 `` You wouldn't want me to say yes without making sure his intentions are honorable , would you '' ? ? 
 She made a face at him and then she laughed . 
 `` Of course not '' . 
 `` I'll get my references in order '' , Needham said , and though he spoke with a smile , Casey somehow got the idea that he was not particularly amused . 
 `` Stop by any time , Casey '' . 
 He stood up and touched the girl's arm . 
 `` Come on , darling . 
 If you're really serious about working on that story , I'd better take you home '' . 
 Casey watched them go , still frowning absently and then UNK the matter as he called for his check . 
 As he went out he told UNK the dinner was perfect , and when he got his hat and coat from Nancy Parks and put a UNK piece in the slot , he told her to be sure that it went toward her UNK . 
 A taxi took him back to the bar and grill where he had left his car , and a few minutes later he found a parking place across the street from his apartment . 
 Because his mind had been otherwise occupied for the past couple of hours , he did not think to look and see if Jerry UNK car was still there . 
 In fact , he did not think about Jerry Burton at all until he entered his living room and closed the door behind him . 
 Only then , when his glance focused on the divan and saw that it was empty , did he remember his earlier problem . 
 Even from where he stood he could see the neatly folded blanket that he had spread over Burton , the pillow , the sheet of paper on top of it . 
 Then he was UNK across the room , his thoughts confused but the worry building swiftly inside him as he snatched up the note . 
 Jack : 
 Look in the UNK . 
 I knew the only way I could beat you was to play UNK , but it was a good try , kid , and I appreciate it . 
 The UNK stood near the wall next to the divan , and the instant Casey picked it up he knew what had happened . 
 The discarded papers inside were UNK , there was a UNK of liquid at the bottom , and the smell of whisky was strong and distinct . 
 He put the basket down UNK , muttering softly and thoroughly disgusted with himself and his plan that had seemed so UNK . 
 For he remembered too well how he had brought back the loaded drinks to Burton and then returned to the kitchen to get weaker drinks for himself . 
 For another second or two he gave in to the annoyance that was directed at himself ; ; 
 then his mind moved on to be confronted by something far more serious , and as the thought expanded , the implications UNK him . 
 It no longer mattered that Burton had UNK him . 
 The important thing was that Burton had gone somewhere to meet a UNK with a gun in his pocket . 
 And that gun was empty . 
 Even before his mind had rounded out the idea , he thrust one hand into his trousers pocket and pulled out the six slugs he had taken from the revolver . 
 He considered them with brooding eyes , brows bunched as his brain UNK with the problem and tried to find some solution . 
 He said : `` The crazy fool '' , half aloud . 
 He put the shells on the table , as though he could no longer bear to hold them . 
 He thought : Where the hell could he have gone ? ? 
 How can I find him ? ? 
 There was no answer to this and he began to pace back and forth across the room , his imagination out of control . 
 He tried to tell himself that maybe Burton had UNK up enough to get some sense . 
 Maybe he only intended to UNK the UNK , whoever he was , in which case an unloaded gun would be good enough . 
 He thought of other possibilities , none of them satisfactory , and finally he began to think , to wonder if there was some way he could reach Burton . 
 Then , as he turned toward the telephone , it rang UNK to UNK the stillness in the room and he reached for it eagerly . 
 `` Yeah '' , he said . 
 `` Casey '' ? ? 
 `` Yeah '' . 
 `` Tony Calenda '' . 
 Casey heard the voice distinctly and he knew who it was , but it took him a while to make the mental UNK and control the disturbance inside his head . 
 When he heard Calenda say : `` What about that picture you took this afternoon '' ? ? 
 It still took him another few seconds to remember the job he had done for Frank UNK . 
 `` What picture '' ? ? 
 He demanded . 
 `` You took a picture of me at the corner of Washington and Blake about three thirty this afternoon '' . 
 `` Who says so '' ? ? 
 `` One of my boys '' . 
 Casey believed that much . 
 Calenda was not the sort who walked around without one of his `` boys '' close at hand . 
 `` So '' ? ? 
 `` With my trial coming up in Federal Court next week I wouldn't want that picture published '' . 
 `` Who says it's going to be published '' ? ? 
 `` I wouldn't even want it to get around '' . 
 Under normal circumstances Casey was a little UNK when people told him what to do with pictures he had taken . 
 Even so , he generally listened and was usually reasonable to those who voiced their objections properly . 
 Right now , however , he was still too worried about Jerry Burton , and the gun that had no bullets , and the story Burton had told him , to care too much about Tony Calenda . 
 His nerves were getting a little ragged and his impatience put an edge in his voice . 
 `` Look '' , he said . 
 `` I was hired to take a picture . 
 I took it . 
 That's all I know about it and that's all I care '' . 
 `` Maybe you'd better tell the guy who hired you what I said '' . 
 `` You tell him '' . 
 `` All right '' , Calenda said , his voice still quiet . 
 `` But I meant what I said , Casey . 
 If that picture gets around and I find out you had anything to do with it , I'm going to send a couple of my boys around to see you '' . 
 `` You do that '' , Casey said . 
 `` Just be sure to send your two best boys , Tony '' . 
 He hung up with a bang , annoyed at himself for running off at the mouth like that but still terribly concerned with the situation he had helped to create . 
 As soon as he could think logically again he reached for the telephone directory and found Jerry UNK home number . 
 He UNK it and listened to it ring ten times before he hung up . 
 He called the bar and grill where he had picked Burton up that afternoon . 
 When he was told that no one had seen Burton since then , he thought of three other places that were possibilities . 
 Each time he got the same answer and in the end he gave up . 
 By the time he had smoked three cigarettes he had calmed down . 
 He had done all he could and that was that . 
 And anyway Burton was not the kind of guy who would be likely to get in trouble even when he was drunk . 
 He , Casey , had been scared for a while , but that had come mostly from the fact that he felt responsible . 
 He should have stayed here and watched Burton . 
 He didn't . 
 So he made a mistake . 
 So what ? ? 
 He kept telling himself this as he went out to the kitchen to make a drink . 
 Only then did he decide he didn't want one . 
 He considered opening a can of beer but UNK that idea too . 
 Finally he went into the bedroom and sat down to take off his shoes . 
 He had just finished UNK the right one when the telephone rang again . 
 When he snatched it up the voice that came to him was quick and urgent . 
 `` Casey ? ? 
 You don't know me but I know you . 
 If you want a picture get to the corner of Adams and Clark just as fast as you can . 
 If you hurry you might beat the headquarters boys '' . 
 Casey heard the UNK of the distant receiver before he could open his mouth , and it took him no more than three seconds to make his decision . 
 For over the years he had received many such calls . 
 Some of them came from people who identified themselves . 
 Some telephoned because he had done them a favor in the past . 
 Others because they expected some sort of reward for the information . 
 A few passed along a tip for the simple reason that they liked him and wanted to give him a break . 
 Only an occasional tip turned out to be a phony , and , like the police , Casey had made a point of running down all such suggestions and he did not hesitate this time . 
 He was in his car with his camera and equipment bag in less than two minutes , and it took him only three more to reach the corner , a block from Columbus Avenue . 
 It was a district of small factories and UNK buildings and occasional UNK , and he could see the police radio car as he rounded the corner and slammed on the brakes . 
 He did not bother with his radio -- there would be time for that later -- but as he scrambled out on the pavement he saw the filling station and the public telephone booth and knew instantly how he had been summoned . 
 The police car had pulled up behind a small UNK , its headlights still on . 
 Slowly he pulled out the hand throttle until the boat was moving at little more than a crawl , and watched Elaine rapidly spin from one station to another , tune in the null , then draw in a line on the chart . 
 `` We're out just a little too far . 
 Make a 90 degree straight for shore '' . 
 Poet came in , raising his eyebrows UNK as he saw Elaine . 
 `` Now '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 `` Pretty quick '' , she replied . 
 `` Will you drop the anchor '' ? ? 
 Poet nodded , swung below and a moment later emerged from the forward hatch where he picked up the anchor . 
 The rock and roll music coming from the radio station suddenly faded as the boat UNK into the null on the Aj . 
 `` UNK '' , Elaine said , then peered through the loop of the UNK and waved to Poet . 
 A second later she came behind the wheel and backed off the anchor line until it was set in the ocean floor . 
 She cut the engines and slowly the cruiser swung around on the end of its lines until its bow was pointing into the wind and the cockpit faced toward the shore . 
 Nick watched her somewhat UNK as she efficiently cut the engines , and started the auxiliary motor . 
 Poet came up from below , wearing new bathing trunks . 
 The price tag hung from the belt and he pulled it off as he entered the UNK and looked at it curiously . 
 Nick wondered if Elaine had bought them , but he said nothing . 
 Nobody , he suddenly realized , was saying anything . 
 It seemed as if they were all under a spell . 
 There should be an excited conversation , for somewhere , directly below them , was a UNK lost for more than four hundred years . 
 But instead of chatter there was a null , like on the radio direction UNK . 
 Once , in New York , he had gone flying with some friends in a small private airplane with a single engine . 
 They had all been laughing , UNK , when suddenly the engine had failed . 
 No one had screamed . 
 No one had prayed . 
 All had fallen into a complete silence , listening to the wind whistle over the wings . 
 The pilot had been good . 
 He'd landed the plane on a small UNK in Connecticut and as soon as the aircraft had UNK to a stop , everyone had burst into chatter at the same moment . 
 There had been tension in the plane during the silent descent ; ; 
 a tension similar to the one now . 
 But in the plane there was a concrete reason for it . 
 Now , at this moment , there should be none unless skin UNK was much more dangerous than he had been led to believe . 
 Yet tension existed . 
 The same UNK relationship as there had been between the passengers on the plane now strained at the three of them here on the boat . 
 It hung over them like a cloud , its arrival as sudden as a cloud UNK over the sun . 
 UNK , Elaine picked up her keys from the table and went out into the cockpit , Poet behind her , Nick trailing behind him . 
 She threw back a cushion over one of the seats , unlocked a UNK on the chest beneath it , then presently straightened , holding a long knife and a wicked looking spear gun in her hand . 
 Poet whistled softly as he looked at the gun . 
 `` UNK '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 Elaine nodded . 
 `` They are the best '' . 
 She kicked the locker lid shut and replaced the cushion . 
 `` They are the most efficient '' . 
 `` And the UNK '' , Poet commented as he UNK on his tank harness . 
 `` Why do you need an UNK '' ? ? 
 Nick asked , UNK , staring at the weapon . 
 `` It's quite possible there's more than UNK down there , man '' , Poet replied with a short , nervous laugh as he held the harness for Elaine . 
 A moment later , moving UNK because of the swimming fins , she picked up the gun , handed the knife to Poet , then rolled off the transom of the boat , back first . 
 Poet nodded to Nick and entered the water in a similar fashion . 
 Another moment and they were out of sight , leaving behind only a string of bubbles as a clue to their whereabouts . 
 For a while Nick followed the twisting course of the bubbles , wondering which set came from Elaine . 
 They remained close together , their air trail UNK like UNK traveling side by side . 
 Eventually the bubbles became lost in the sparkle of the ocean surface , and he rolled over on his back . 
 UNK his hands behind his head , he stared at the blue sky . 
 There was nothing quite like being alone on a boat on the ocean . 
 UNK certainly must have enjoyed being alone . 
 Next to the ocean , probably the UNK spot was the desert . 
 If UNK uncle had stuck to this desire for UNK , he probably would still be alive . 
 Yet UNK wanted money wanted money to roam through the deserts . 
 And Graham wanted money probably to roam among the dice tables in Las Vegas . 
 It was an odd combination a strange pair to UNK upon the wreck of the UNK . 
 But Graham hadn't stumbled on it . 
 Two to three weeks prior to the charter of the Virginia , Graham had been UNK around the San Luis UNK Mission . 
 The small UNK with its two steel UNK UNK UNK and Nick raised up to watch it heading south . 
 That was a hell of a note , he thought . 
 A couple couldn't even find a UNK spot anywhere on a beach to neck nowadays without someone UNK down upon them . 
 If the character flying that thing had gone over San UNK Island yesterday he would have had an UNK . 
 Off to the west a beautiful UNK slowly beat its way into the wind , headed on a tack toward San UNK . 
 Behind it a cabin cruiser drifted UNK in the small UNK , a lone fisherman in the chair aft . 
 The fisherman was right in the middle of the Deep . 
 Nick recalled stories that the two best fishing spots in Southern California were over the La UNK Deep and the UNK Deep , two spots where the ocean dropped off to fantastic depths almost from the shoreline . 
 Someday , UNK had warned , the land on both sides of these UNK would fall into the ocean and no more La UNK or UNK Beach . 
 Meanwhile , fishermen took advantage of them to pull up UNK . 
 Sometimes the fish exploded as they UNK the surface because of the difference in pressure . 
 Why , he wondered , had Elaine wanted him along on this trip ? ? 
 He couldn't UNK , he couldn't run a boat , except on the open sea . 
 He stood up , stretched , looked around for the bubbles , but could see none . 
 UNK down to the galley , he lit the UNK under the coffee pot and when the UNK was heated , poured himself a cup and went up to the UNK . 
 Turning on the UNK , he went back to the cockpit , stretched out on the UNK and listened to the music . 
 Elaine and Poet returned together , popping up over the transom almost like UNK breaking water . 
 He sat up and watched as they pulled themselves over the stern . 
 `` Any luck '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 Poet shook his head , sliding his face mask up on his forehead . 
 `` We're right on the edge of the Deep '' , Elaine said . 
 UNK off her face mask , she carefully placed the spear gun across the stern , then lifted her wet hair from her back and squeezed out the water . 
 `` Which is a break as the area to search is less than a square mile '' , she added as she swung her legs over the transom . 
 `` Any news '' ? ? 
 `` Not a thing '' . 
 He tossed her a towel , then repeated the service for Poet . 
 `` UNK '' ? ? 
 Elaine shook her head as she slipped out of her harness , but Poet nodded . 
 His feet still hung over the stern of the transom , but as he reached for the smoke he raised them to swing them in . 
 The UNK on his foot caught on the UNK , throwing him off balance . 
 His UNK smashed painfully into the narrow UNK and he UNK as he grabbed his bruised limb with his other hand and rolled into the boat . 
 `` UNK '' ! ! 
 The word UNK distinctly from Poet's lips as he struggled to his feet . 
 Nick's body became rigid . 
 Turning slowly he saw Poet in a brilliant glare of horror . 
 Poet ! ! 
 His face was still UNK in pain as he studied the underside of his arm . 
 Poet a murderer ? ? 
 Turning quickly toward Elaine , Nick saw that she , too , stood in shocked surprise . 
 The sudden silence was too silent . 
 UNK aware of the charged atmosphere , Poet raised his head slowly , looking first at Elaine . 
 She had caught the implication of the oath . 
 Her face was frozen into the mask of a UNK , her body absolutely motionless . 
 And then Nick knew that all of them knew Elaine , himself and Poet . 
 Elaine recovered first , so quickly that Nick thought he might have imagined her sudden reaction . 
 `` Do you need a bandage '' ? ? 
 She asked steadily . 
 Poet rubbed his arm . 
 `` It's like banging a UNK '' , he said , his eyes UNK on Nick's face , then moved back to Elaine . 
 `` UNK like hell for a second , then it UNK '' . 
 `` I'll get some UNK '' . 
 Elaine turned and started toward the UNK . 
 But her walk was too steady , too slow , UNK her fear . 
 Nick sensed it . 
 So did Poet . 
 UNK like a cat , he leaped back , swooped up the spring gun and , whirling , pointed it toward the cabin . 
 At the same instant , Nick hit the barrel and threw himself upon the smaller man . 
 The gun fired next to his ear with a vicious UNK like the first stroke of an old steam engine . 
 At the same instant , Elaine screamed wildly , the sound ending abruptly as Nick went off the boat and into the water on top of the frantic , struggling Poet . 
 The moment the sea closed over Nick , some UNK sense warned him that he would survive in this alien element only if he did not panic . 
 But the murderer to whom he clung had a tremendous advantage . 
 The wide UNK on Poet's feet gave his legs incredible power , driving the two of them down into the water as they rolled over and over . 
 Poet was the captured , arms UNK to his side , and he twisted UNK trying to escape . 
 Poet would escape , Nick thought grimly , because he wore the apparatus which would keep him alive under water . 
 But Nick would not let go . 
 The rubber and glass face mask slipped from Poet's forehead , bounced UNK off Nick's chin , then disappeared . 
 Poet twisted again and Nick's knuckles scraped on the air tank , UNK off the skin . 
 For a split second , Nick relaxed his grip and Poet's slippery body spun completely around before Nick could stop him , holding him now from the rear . 
 Something UNK at the side of Nick's head as they rolled around and around . 
 Suddenly Poet stopped struggling and the two of them hung suspended in the water , not rising , not sinking . 
 A sharp pain UNK across Nick's chest and a bubble of air escaped from his tortured lungs , joining dozens of others that sailed UNK toward the surface like helium UNK rising into the sky . 
 A black , UNK object swayed UNK in front of him , UNK bubbles from its flat UNK head . 
 The air hose was free ! ! 
 The discovery struck Nick like a blow . 
 UNK , Nick flashed one hand up , catching Poet's neck in the bend of his elbow . 
 At the same instant , he grabbed the loose , writhing hose with his other hand and bit down on the hard rubber mouthpiece . 
 UNK he UNK through his nose then sucked in the air from the hose . 
 At once the UNK pain in his chest stopped and he was seized with a sudden , wild UNK . 
 As if this was a signal , Poet abruptly began to UNK the water and the quick movement slowly made them sink through the water . 
 UNK , Nick held on , sucking on the hose , UNK the air that belonged to Poet . 
 Poet was not fighting Nick now . 
 Harbor Point sticks out into the ocean like the fat neck of a UNK UNK . 
 It's a rich village but not much for action -- too many solid residents , not enough tourists or working UNK . 
 It's at the far end of the county and the last time I came here was for a hit and run manslaughter -- about seven months ago . 
 Chief Bob Moore looked his same UNK ; ; 
 a man mountain running to lard in his UNK . 
 Seeing me he said with real surprise , `` Well , well , ain't we honored ! ! 
 Hardly expected the head of County Homicide up for this murder . 
 You sure climbed fast , Jed . 
 UNK investigator last summer and now it's Inspector Jed . 
 UNK me 19 years to become Chief of our three man police force . 
 UNK a college education pays off '' . 
 His UNK was followed by a stupid grin of his thick mouth and bad teeth . 
 `` I guess it helps '' , I said , paying no attention to his UNK . 
 `` Never could figure out why you ever wanted to be a cop , Jed . 
 You're not only young but well , you don't even look like a police officer . 
 A UNK with narrow shoulders and that brush UNK hell , you'd pass for a juvenile delinquent of the UNK set . 
 In my day the first requirement for a cop was to look like the law , big and tough . 
 Man , when my 275 pounds and UNK comes along , why it's the same as another badge . 
 When I say move , a guy moves '' ! ! 
 `` Don't worry about my being tough , Moore . 
 Also , it's far too early in the day for UNK lines like the bigger they come You've had your UNK lecture , let's get to work . 
 Who was the murdered woman Mrs. Buck '' ? ? 
 `` UNK , nice sort of woman . 
 UNK fixed . 
 UNK a UNK farm . 
 UNK to the Harbor as a bride and Don't worry Jed , this one is in the bag . 
 I know the killer , have the only road off the peninsula covered '' . 
 `` Yeah , passed your road block as I drove in '' , I said , sitting on his polished desk . 
 Although Bob dressed like a slob , he kept a neat office . 
 `` Okay , what happened '' ? ? 
 `` About nine this morning Mrs. Buck phones me she's having trouble with one of her farm hands -- money trouble . 
 UNK fellow named Tim Williams -- only hand she has working for her now . 
 Tim come with the UNK workers that follow the crops up from the South last year , but Tim and his wife settled here . 
 Never had no trouble with him before , thought he was a hard worker , UNK around to get a full week's work . 
 Anyway , Julia asks me to . 
 '' 
 `` Julia '' ? ? 
 `` Come on , Inspector , look alive . 
 Julia Buck , the deceased '' , Moore said , slipping me his smug , UNK again . 
 `` Julia asks me to come out at once . 
 But she didn't sound real alarmed you know , like there was any immediate danger . 
 I got there at UNK A.M. , found her strangled . 
 I would have come sooner if I'd known . 
 No doubt about Tim being the killer -- I have a witness . 
 Don't know why the County had to send anybody up here . 
 UNK them I can handle this '' . 
 `` Yeah , seems you have a nice package , with all the strings tied . 
 Who's '' ? ? 
 `` I'll collar Tim before night '' . 
 `` Who's your witness '' ? ? 
 `` Julia had -- has -- an old Indian woman cooking for her -- Nellie Harris . 
 Probably the last of the original Island Indians . 
 Nellie was in the kitchen , had just come to work , when she heard Tim arguing with Julia in the living room . 
 UNK she recognized his voice , that Tim yelled , ' It's my money and I want it ' ! ! 
 And then rushed out of the house . 
 Then she heard Julia phone me . 
 Nellie went on with her house work -- until I found Julia dead . 
 And before you say it , Nellie ain't near strong enough to have strangled Julia . 
 There's no doubt this Tim sneaked back and killed Mrs. Buck . 
 Another fact : UNK disappeared -- on the run . 
 But there's no way off the Point except through my road block . 
 Guess you want to see the body -- have her up the street in Doc UNK office '' . 
 `` Let's see it '' . 
 We walked up Main Street to this big white house , then around to the back . 
 Being the UNK sole doctor , Abel was also its Medical Examiner . 
 The corpse was on a table , covered by a sheet . 
 Doc Abel was busy up front with some of his live patients . 
 UNK back the sheet , I examined the bruises around Julia UNK once slender throat . 
 UNK hands had killed her . 
 `` Find any prints '' ? ? 
 Chief Moore shook his big head , seemed lost in thought as he stared at the nude body . 
 Then he said , `` Never noticed it before I mean , when she was dressed but for a woman her age , Julia had a real fine figure '' . 
 I dropped the sheet , glanced at my watch . 
 It was almost one and I hadn't had lunch . 
 Still , I wanted to get this over with , had a lot of paper work waiting in my own office . 
 I told him , `` I want to go see the Buck house '' . 
 `` Sure '' . 
 Walking back down Main Street , I said , `` I saw the UNK one squad car at the road block , we'll ride out in my car '' . 
 `` UNK , we'll use mine '' , Moore said , opening the door of a UNK white Jaguar UNK . 
 As I slid in beside him he said , `` Some heap , hey ? ? 
 Got a UNK of a buy on this , dirt cheap '' . 
 `` Yeah , it's a real load '' , I told him , looking up the street at my battered Ford . 
 Five racing minutes later we pulled into the driveway of this typical two-story house , and when the Jaguar stopped I managed to swallow . 
 There was a garage and a modern barn in the rear , all of it standing between two large flat fields planted in early potatoes . 
 Everything shouted gentleman farming , the kind of UNK UNK money the Point is known for . 
 The fins of a UNK were sticking out of the garage , while the inside of the house was a comfortable mixture of old and expensive contemporary furniture . 
 Nellie Harris wasn't old , she was ancient -- a tiny UNK woman with a face like a tan UNK . 
 She was also stone deaf in her right ear . 
 She calmly repeated what Moore had told me . 
 When I asked , `` Why didn't you go into the living room to see how Mrs. Buck was '' ? ? 
 The old UNK stared at me with her hard eyes , said , `` She didn't call . 
 I do the living room last . 
 I went up stairs and did the bath and her bedroom -- way I always do in the morning '' . 
 `` Have you any idea what this Tim and Mrs. Buck were arguing about '' ? ? 
 `` Probably wages . 
 Miss Julia was a hard woman with a dollar . 
 Years ago when I asked her to put me in Social Security , so's I wouldn't have to be working now , Miss Julia threatened to fire me -- all because it would mean a few more dollars a year to her '' . 
 `` Did you hear Tim return '' ? ? 
 `` No sir . 
 Nobody came until Chief Moore '' . 
 I UNK on the kitchen table with my pencil . 
 `` Mrs. Buck have any men friends '' ? ? 
 `` Her '' ? ? 
 The wrinkled mouth laughed , revealing astonishingly strong , white , teeth . 
 `` I never see none . 
 But then I wasn't her social secretary '' . 
 `` Was she on friendly terms with other members of her family '' ? ? 
 `` Didn't have no family -- around here . 
 They had a son -- killed in the war '' . 
 I walked into the living room . 
 There didn't seem to be any signs of a struggle . 
 I told Moore , `` Where does UNK wife live '' ? ? 
 `` I'll take you there . 
 Look Jed , this is an open and shut case and I have to relieve my men at the road block soon . 
 Okay , come on '' . 
 We did 80 miles an hour across a hard dirt road to a cluster of UNK . 
 In late summer UNK workers lived five and six to a room in these . 
 Now they were empty , except for a cottage across the road . 
 Mrs. Tim Williams was about 21 , with skin the color of bitter chocolate , and if you UNK the plain dress and worn slippers , she was startlingly pretty . 
 The inside of their place was full of new furniture , five bucks down and a buck a week stuff , but all of it clean and full of the warmth of a home . 
 Mrs. Williams was both sullen and frightened . 
 She said she didn't know a thing -- Tim had left the house at six in the morning , as usual . 
 She hadn't seen him since . 
 `` Did Mrs. Buck owe him any wages '' ? ? 
 I asked . 
 `` Well , for this week , but they wasn't due UNK Saturday . 
 Listen , Mr. Inspector , no matter what anybody say , my Tim didn't kill that woman ! ! 
 Tim is a good man , hard working . 
 He strong as a bull but gentle as a baby . 
 Even if he angry , Tim wouldn't hurt a woman . 
 He never in his life took a hand to a woman or '' 
 `` We'll get him soon , see what he says '' , Chief Moore cut in . 
 `` Does your husband have a car '' ? ? 
 I asked . 
 `` Got us an old station wagon . 
 Need it for the job '' . 
 I asked a silly question : `` You've no idea where your husband could be , now '' ? ? 
 She shook her head . 
 I knew she was lying . 
 I stood there , staring at her for a moment -- thinking mostly of her beauty and her poverty . 
 Moore said , `` Come on , Jed , I have to get to my men '' . 
 On my way out I told her , `` If you should UNK just happen to see your husband , get him to give himself up . 
 He'll get a fair trial . 
 UNK out like this won't get him anything , except more trouble , or a bullet '' . 
 `` Yes . 
 I'll tell him -- if I see him '' . 
 We made it back to the Harbor in less than four minutes . 
 I tried not to act scared . 
 That Jaguar could really barrel along . 
 I told Moore I was going to eat , get some forms filled out by Doc Abel . 
 Chief Moore said , `` If I don't see you when I return , see you for certain at my road block , Inspector '' . 
 I had a bowl of decent UNK , phoned the Doc and he said he'd leave the death statements with his girl -- in a half hour . 
 Lighting my pipe , I took a walk . 
 The Harbor is a big UNK basin in the summer . 
 Even now , there were several slick UNK tied to the dock , an UNK UNK anchored inside the UNK . 
 There was a 34 foot Wheeler with Chief UNK in big gold letters on its stern also tied up at the dock . 
 It wasn't a new boat , about five years old , but fitted with fishing UNK and chairs . 
 I asked an old guy running a fishing station if the boat was UNK . 
 He said , `` You bet . 
 Bob Moore is plumb crazy about blue fishing '' . 
 I dropped into the doctor's office , picked up my forms . 
 As I was walking back to the Police Station , which was in the same building with the City Hall and Post Office , I saw Mrs. Tim Williams UNK into the back of my car . 
 If she moved gracefully , she was clumsy at it . 
 I got into the front seat . 
 She was ' hiding ' on the floor of the back seat , the soft curves of her back and hips -- rousing lines . 
 I drove out of the Harbor , turned off into a dirt road among the scrub pine trees and stopped . 
 I waited a few minutes and she sat up . 
 For another moment we didn't talk , then she began to weep . 
 She mumbled , `` I just know that Chief Moore is out to kill my Tim '' ! ! 
 `` Maybe . 
 I never saw him so anxious before '' , I said , lighting my pipe and offering her a cigarette . 
 `` Of course , it could be because this is his first murder case . 
 You know where Tim is , don't you , Mrs. Williams '' ? ? 
 She puffed on the cigarette slowly , sitting slumped against the back seat ; ; 
 didn't answer . 
 But the police have dropped the case . 
 I want you to go to Pearson City and find out why -- UNK stuff for your modern crime series . 
 Take the same train Diana Beauclerk took and get there at the same time . 
 Go to the same hotel and occupy the same suite -- 1105 '' . 
 `` Will the hotel rent it so soon after the crime '' ? ? 
 `` Why not ? ? 
 The police have finished with it . 
 Besides , the number of the suite hasn't been published in any newspaper . 
 To the hotel people , you'll just be an innocent tourist who happens to ask for that particular suite '' . 
 `` Still , they may not want to rent it '' . 
 `` That's your headache . 
 Once inside , keep your eyes open '' ! ! 
 `` For what '' ! ! 
 Alec was growing more and more skeptical . 
 `` The police will have gone over every square inch of the place with a UNK comb . 
 The hotel people will have UNK and UNK it . 
 Ten to one , it's even been UNK '' ! ! 
 `` There's always a chance they may have overlooked something '' , returned the chief . 
 `` I'm betting on that chance . 
 UNK the bellboy and UNK who waited on Beauclerk . 
 Study the UNK of the suite . 
 UNK up local color . 
 UNK everything Beauclerk did . 
 Try to imagine you're going to be murdered yourself -- between eleven p.m. and one a.m. the night you arrive '' . 
 Alec UNK . 
 `` UNK way to spend an evening '' ! ! 
 A sudden thought wiped the UNK from his face . 
 `` Suppose the murderer should return to the scene of the crime '' ! ! 
 The UNK eyes gleamed . 
 He spoke softly . 
 `` That is exactly what I'm hoping for . 
 After all , the murderer is still at large . 
 And the key to the suite is still missing '' . 
 On the train Alec refreshed his memory of the Beauclerk case by reading UNK UNK -- UNK stories about the crime sent out by the Pearson City Star , a member of the UNK Press . 
 Diana Beauclerk was a second-rate actress living in New York . 
 Two weeks ago she had gone west to Pearson City . 
 Daniel Forbes , her divorced husband , lived there . 
 So did the firm of lawyers who had got her the divorce , UNK and Stacy . 
 She reached Pearson City at nine p.m. and went straight to the Hotel UNK . 
 She telephoned the junior partner of her law firm , Martin Stacy , and asked him to call at her hotel that evening . 
 At the time of her divorce Forbes had promised to pay her a lump sum in lieu of further UNK if she UNK . 
 According to Stacy , she told him she was planning to UNK and she wanted him to ask Forbes for the lump sum . 
 Stacy replied that it would bankrupt Forbes , who had just sunk all his money in a real estate venture . 
 Stacy said he left her suite at nine forty-five p.m. . 
 She was in good health and spirits , but still determined to get the money from Forbes . 
 No one saw Stacy leave . 
 No other visitor inquired for her that evening . 
 Next morning she was found dead in her suite with a bullet from a 
 Colt revolver in her brain . 
 According to the medical examiner , she was shot between eleven p.m. and one a.m. . 
 Her door was locked and the key was missing . 
 So was the gun . 
 When Alec finished reading he was sure that either Forbes or Stacy had killed Diana Beauclerk . 
 Forbes had motive and Stacy had opportunity . 
 Find a motive for Stacy or an opportunity for Forbes and the case would be solved . 
 The Hotel UNK proved to be one of the older hotels in Pearson City , and definitely second-rate . 
 Alec's first impression of the lobby was UNK , Victorian dignity -- black UNK and red UNK , a black and white tiled floor , and Persian rugs . 
 He studied the night clerk as a man measures an adversary . 
 `` I'd like the room I had the last time '' . 
 `` Certainly , sir '' . 
 The clerk was young and limp , with a tired smile . 
 `` Do you recall the number '' ? ? 
 `` It was 1105 '' . 
 The clerk's smile congealed . 
 `` That suite is taken '' . 
 Alec's glance went to a chart of guest names and room numbers hanging on the wall behind the clerk . 
 UNK the number 1105 stood one word : UNK . 
 The clerk's glance followed Alec's . 
 `` We have better rooms vacant now '' , he UNK . 
 `` UNK and more comfortable . 
 At the same rate '' . 
 Alec's face was dark , blunt , and sulky . 
 He always looked UNK and he could look dangerous . 
 He was looking dangerous now . 
 He raised his voice . 
 `` Anything wrong with the plumbing in 1105 '' ? ? 
 There was a sudden stillness in the lobby . 
 Two women , who had been chattering like UNK , were struck dumb . 
 A man , lighting a match for his cigar , paused until the flame burned his fingers . 
 Even the UNK on their bench were listening . 
 The clerk's eyes UNK . 
 `` Of course not '' ! ! 
 `` UNK with a UNK disease been in there '' ? ? 
 `` No '' ! ! 
 The clerk was almost hysterical . 
 `` It's just that -- well , 1105 is being UNK '' . 
 `` I don't believe it '' . 
 Alec leaned on the desk , holding the clerk's eyes with his . 
 `` Suppose you tell me the real reason '' , he UNK . 
 `` There might be a story in it '' . 
 `` UNK '' ? ? 
 `` I'm with the UNK Press , UNK Service . 
 Either I get the story -- or I get the suite '' . 
 It was UNK and the clerk knew it . 
 `` There is no story '' , he UNK UNK . 
 `` Front ! ! 
 Show this gentleman to 1105 '' ! ! 
 The stillness persisted as Alec followed a bellboy across the lobby to the elevator . 
 He could feel eyes on his back . 
 He wished it had not been necessary to announce the number of his suite quite so publicly . 
 The corridor on the eleventh floor was dimly lighted by electric UNK at intervals of thirty feet . 
 A thick , crimson carpet muffled every UNK . 
 At the end of the corridor Alec noticed a door marked : Fire UNK . 
 It was a neat setup for murder . 
 The bellboy unlocked a white door numbered 1105 . 
 The room was dark but a neon sign flashed and faded beyond the window . 
 A few UNK UNK down through that theatrical red glow , languid as falling feathers . 
 UNK the boy switched on a ceiling light . 
 The room looked normal and even commonplace . 
 There was no hint of a violent struggle now . 
 Deal furniture with a mahogany finish was neatly arranged as if it stood in the window of a department store . 
 The blue rug was suspiciously bright and new . 
 It had never been stained with blood . 
 Table covers and towels were clean , UNK empty and supplied with fresh matches . 
 The mirror over the bureau was a blank eye , round and innocent . 
 Alec played the part of an innocent tourist . 
 `` Is there anything wrong with this room '' ? ? 
 `` UNK '' . 
 The boy dropped his eyes . 
 `` UNK you'll lose your job if you don't keep your mouth shut '' ? ? 
 The boy raised his eyes . 
 `` Listen , UNK . 
 If you want my advice , pack up and take the next train back to New York '' . 
 `` Were you on duty here two weeks ago '' ? ? 
 The boy hesitated . 
 Then , `` I'm not talking . 
 But I wouldn't spend a night in here for a million bucks '' ! ! 
 He was in a hurry to get out of the room . 
 Alec gave him a tip and let him go . 
 Alone , Alec examined the doors . 
 There were three -- one leading to a bathroom , one to the hall , and one to the room next door which was UNK -- locked or bolted on the other side . 
 Alec locked the hall door and put the key with his watch on the bedside table . 
 It was just quarter of nine . 
 As he ranged his belongings on the bureau he noticed a film of white dust on the dark surface of the wood beyond the linen cover . 
 Not gray like the dust that collects in an UNK room , but white . 
 Women didn't use white face powder nowadays , he recalled . 
 They used pink , tan , or cream powder . 
 Alec glanced into the bathroom . 
 Blood in the bathtub where the murderer appears to have washed his hands . 
 It seemed clean now , but Alec decided against a bath . 
 He crawled into bed and switched off the light . 
 In the darkness he could see the rosy reflection of the neon sign on the wall opposite the window . 
 It winked as steadily as a UNK -- on , off -- on , off . 
 In less than five minutes Alec was asleep . 
 He never knew just what woke him . 
 Yet suddenly he was UNK . 
 There was no sound and apparently no movement in the room except the UNK UNK of the red light on the wall . 
 He lay still , listening to the silence , watching the light . 
 Somewhere in the city a big clock sounded twelve solemn notes -- midnight . 
 According to the medical examiner she was shot between eleven p.m. and one a.m. . 
 Alec heard a faint sound . 
 His heart seemed to swell and knock against the wall of his chest . 
 For the sound was inside the room . 
 He let his eyelids UNK and breathed heavily , UNK sleep . 
 The sound was coming nearer . 
 A monstrous shadow fell across the illuminated wall , distorted and UNK . 
 When the neon sign faded out , the shadow disappeared . 
 When the neon sign flashed on , the shadow was still there . 
 It stretched to an impossible height , climbing the wall to the ceiling . 
 That meant that something between the light and its reflection on the wall was moving closer to the source of the light -- in this case , the window . 
 UNK Alec UNK his muscles , ready to jump . 
 The UNK betrayed him with a UNK . 
 The shadow vanished . 
 Someone had moved beyond the range of the light from the window . 
 UNK caution , Alec leaped out of bed and groped for the light switch . 
 Before he could snap it on , a UNK blow caught him in the ribs . 
 He UNK out blindly with his right . 
 There was a thick , UNK crack of fist on flesh . 
 Something hard UNK his knuckles . 
 He put everything he had into the next and aimed down where the stomach ought to be . 
 UNK cloth UNK his fist . 
 There was a UNK , curiously UNK , like that of an animal in pain . 
 Something heavy shook the floor as it dropped . 
 Alec waited a moment , on guard . 
 Nothing happened . 
 Again he groped for the light switch . 
 The blue rug had been rolled up and stacked in one corner of the room . 
 On the bare floorboards a man lay face down . 
 He had a short , heavy , powerful body . 
 Alec turned him over and discovered a round , UNK face with narrow , slanting eyes -- a primitive UNK face from Russia or the UNK . 
 The man's shoes were too pointed , his overcoat too broad at the shoulders and too narrow at the waist . 
 There was a slight bulge under the left UNK -- a shoulder holster . 
 Alec promptly removed the gun . 
 He was familiar with this type . 
 He had seen it in the UNK at Police Headquarters in New York , in Broadway night clubs and Seventh Avenue pool rooms , in the criminal courts . 
 But he was surprised to meet it here . 
 Diana Beauclerk had no connection with the underworld . 
 A professional UNK would not have killed her with a weapon of such small caliber as a 
 . 
 Nor would he choose a respectable hotel as the scene for a killing when it would be so much safer to take his victim for a UNK ride on a lonely country road . 
 The man's eyelids UNK . 
 He opened his eyes . 
 `` What are you doing here '' ? ? 
 UNK Alec . 
 The man made no reply . 
 His eyes were UNK . 
 His lips were bruised and swollen where Alec had hit him . 
 `` Did you kill Diana Beauclerk '' ? ? 
 Alec expected an indignant denial , but there was no response at all . 
 `` Oh , come on , snap out of it ! ! 
 Or I'll turn you over to the police '' ! ! 
 The silence was getting on Alec's nerves . 
 The man opened his mouth , but no words came . 
 Only that curious , animal UNK Alec had heard during their fight . 
 `` Don't you speak English '' ? ? 
 The man opened his mouth wider . 
 A forefinger pointed toward his UNK . 
 Alec leaned forward to look . 
 There were hideous scars inside the throat and the UNK was UNK . 
 In good time I shall get to the distressing actuality , to Red UNK and Handley Walker , to murder and sudden death . 
 But you realize , I am sure , how much old deeds UNK to new ones , and you must forgive me if I tell you first of the old ones . 
 It was in UNK that Abraham UNK and his sister sat by a meager fire in their house on Dogtown Common , a desolate place even then . 
 He was UNK his razor . 
 `` Sister '' , said he `` do you think people who commit suicide go to heaven '' ? ? 
 And she answered , `` I don't know , but I hope you'll never do such a thing '' . 
 Without a UNK , `` God forbid '' ! ! 
 He said , and went out and cut his throat in the cave near Granny UNK swamp . 
 What has this to do with the present ? ? 
 Much , I assure you . 
 You must know what gets into people , even such as Red and Handley , before you can tell what comes out of them . 
 They had learned , both of them , about Abraham UNK . 
 That's why I beg you not to forget him . 
 His ghost is not laid . 
 Red and Handley , God help them , knew the old Dogtown lore ; ; 
 and I knew they knew it , for I'd told them a lot of it . 
 And isn't it true that you get a deeper perception about a man and his motives when you know what it is he knows ? ? 
 Yes , gentlemen , I am getting to the point , to my point . 
 You know the facts ; ; 
 they are set forth in your own newspapers . 
 You want from me the story , but a story is about ' why ' and then , perhaps , about how . 
 The ' when ' you know ; ; 
 yesterday morning . 
 So what I am trying to tell you is the ' why ' -- that is my point -- and that concerns the spirit of the matter . 
 There is an UNK and a UNK to old furniture ( look at that mahogany UNK behind you ) which has a provocative UNK , if I may say so . 
 UNK , too , have their haunting qualities . 
 Even people . 
 And my point in this sad story is the spirit of the matter . 
 When you hold the spirit of a thing , then somehow you know the truth -- you know a fake antique from the real thing . 
 And the truth is what you've come for , is it not ? ? 
 Now , Dogtown is one of those places that UNK into the marrow as worms get into old wood , under the UNK . 
 In fact , all the folk who lived on the back of Cape Ann , they are not just like others . 
 There's a different UNK on them . 
 There were no witch UNK here because everyone had a witch in the family . 
 Just think of old UNK UNK who pulled the teeth of Dark Younger ( her real name was UNK ) , and because he UNK the job and left two UNK UNK she put such a UNK on him that he thought his legs were made of glass . 
 After that he was never known to run or even walk fast . 
 Today Dogtown is the only deserted village in all New England that I know of . 
 There it sits , a small UNK , with towns like Gloucester near by ; ; 
 but now it's the most lost and tortured place in the world . 
 Those who lived in that desolation of rocky UNK took on some of the UNK stony character . 
 Scientists say it is the last UNK of a great UNK , but one rather feels that only a UNK giant could have piled up those UNK UNK of UNK which still seem to preserve a sort of suspended , ominous life in them . 
 We'll walk up there later . 
 It's perhaps a mile from here where we sit . 
 And not one single dwelling left there , though once , in the early eighteenth century , there were close to a hundred houses . 
 ( I myself have identified about sixty sites , from the old maps and registers . 
 A fascinating pursuit , I assure you . 
 ) Even I can remember nothing but ruined UNK and tumbled pillars , and nobody has lived there in the memory of any living man . 
 It is now a sweep of UNK and UNK , with oak , UNK and UNK creeping across the common , and everywhere the ruins and the long , long shadows . 
 That's your setting , and a sinister one . 
 Please get that in your reports . 
 It accounts for so many things . 
 Both Red UNK and Handley Walker lived nearby , almost as near as I do . 
 Red lived at UNK , and from his house he could be up on the Common in a half UNK brisk walk ; ; 
 Handley lived further on , at UNK UNK . 
 I'd often find one or other of them up around Dogtown sketching . 
 They were both painters , ( They were ? ? 
 They are ? ? 
 What should one say ? ? 
 ) Well , anyhow , Dogtown Common is so much off the beaten track nowadays that only Sunday UNK still stray up there , from time to time . 
 UNK , railroad , lack of water , killed Dogtown . 
 Dead , dead as a brass door nail , and I sometimes feel like the UNK , for I'm about the last to be even interested . 
 I knew Red and Handley well . 
 As I said , they were both painters . 
 They'd come , separately , to Gloucester some twenty years ago -- there's always been an artists' colony somewhere on Cape Ann -- and each married here . 
 They married cousins , Anta and UNK Norberg . 
 There are a lot of UNK in this neck of the woods , and many still make painted furniture and take UNK . 
 Pretty girls among them , with blonde hair and UNK faces . 
 Handley married UNK and Red , of the red beard , married Anta . 
 And it was because of an old Norberg inheritance that I got to understand them all so well . 
 The quarrel ended in a ridiculous draw , but I must tell you about it . 
 Oh , yes , I'm quite sure it's important , because of the Beech Pasture . 
 What's that ? ? 
 Why , that's what gave me the feeling , gave me UNK the spirit , the UNK , evil spirit of this whole affair . 
 You see , besides being UNK of UNK , I am also UNK . 
 No , I don't hold with those who live entirely among dead things . 
 I know as well as the next man that a ship is called from the UNK she carries , where the live wind blows , and not from the hull . 
 But you've got to know both . 
 What's below the UNK interests me also . 
 As I was saying , I've known all about the old records , including the old Norberg deed . 
 Some ten years ago that page was torn out , I don't know by whom . 
 About five years ago , Handley came to ask me if he could see the tattered register . 
 He was courteous and casual about it , as though it were of no consequence . 
 He's always like that , in spite of being a big man . 
 ( When you see him , you'll notice his habit of UNK , I might almost say , UNK a large UNK with black hairs on it , by his right temple . 
 ) A sensual man , but very courteous , some would say slick . 
 Like his UNK black hair . 
 Too many outside manners , to my taste . 
 He is the sort who , with an UNK eye , would cross the street to help a strange woman on to a bus and then pinch her . 
 A real gentleman , I feel , would do neither . 
 He's always worn a UNK hat , and I've noticed , in my small study at the Society , that he rather smells of cosmetics . 
 The next week , cousin Red wandered in as casually , but UNK and UNK . 
 Red was small and UNK , like UNK . 
 He too asked to see the same page . 
 When I told him someone had torn it out , he shouted . 
 `` By God , it's that damn Handley , the UNK '' ! ! 
 And later in the same week they both came together to examine the register . 
 Fortunately we were alone in the building -- so few people nowadays are interested even in their own past or in the lovely craft of other days -- for they began to abuse each other in the UNK language . 
 Red thrusting out his tawny beard , Handley UNK under his suddenly UNK black hair . 
 They actually UNK . 
 Le UNK et le UNK . 
 UNK men both . 
 Red always was UNK , yet that day the dapper Handley was the louder of the two . 
 But for my presence , they would have been at each UNK throats . 
 During the quarrel I learned what the trouble was , from the UNK each hurled at the other . 
 The Beech Pasture had suddenly become valuable . 
 There's a fine UNK quarry there , and UNK coming back for public buildings . 
 Both men knew it was in the Norberg family holdings , but to which of the cousins did it belong , Anta or UNK ? ? 
 Fortunately , I knew almost exactly what the will had said . 
 It began with a UNK , of course . 
 This explained that the judge of UNK of Essex County , UNK or UNK , appointed three UNK of Gloucester to divide and establish the Norberg estate . 
 After the usual UNK UNK , it went on to say that there had been set off to the widow one full third part of the real estate of the deceased UNK Norberg , one lower room , on the Western side , privileges to the well and UNK and to one third of the cellar ( I can show you the cellar when we go up ) , also one UNK Right , and UNK they set off to the widow her own land that she brought with her as UNK , namely the Beech Pasture . 
 And I remember that the whole of the privileges , not counting the Beech Pasture , was valued at twenty pounds . 
 I wish you could have seen the UNK fall on these two UNK UNK when I told them that obviously the pasture belonged to their wives jointly . 
 That battle scene , ridiculous as it was , remained in my mind . 
 A disturbing picture of bad blood , to be further heightened with UNK if UNK colors , for on a subsequent day I saw Handley UNK Anta , UNK wife , up on Dogtown Common . 
 I felt it would be UNK to disclose my presence . 
 Not that I intentionally go UNK , but the UNK up there are very high and I am a small woman . 
 One other cause of jealousy between them I must tell you . 
 UNK ! ! 
 UNK and UNK as Red UNK was , he was much the better painter . 
 I suppose Handley knew it . 
 If Red had a show at Gloucester , Handley would hurry to hang his pictures in UNK . 
 You may say this has little UNK , but , gentlemen , remember that all this prepared my mind , UNK my intelligence . 
 By such touches the pattern takes shape . 
 You would call these the motives of crime . 
 I would call them the patterns of life , perhaps even the designs of destiny . 
 Yet with all this knowledge I had nothing of substance to UNK our case , as you would call it , till yesterday . 
 One month ago , on the 20th of October , was the opening of the UNK season in Massachusetts . 
 Not much to shoot , but there are a few UNK . 
 UNK , too , if you care for them , which most of the folk around here haven't the sense to appreciate . 
 Any more than they have the sense to eat UNK . 
 That was the day Red was said to have gone away . 
 Oh yes , he'd talked about doing so . 
 In fact , he often disappeared , from time to time , -- off to paint the sea , aboard a UNK out from Gloucester . 
 Anta , his wife , never seemed to mind . 
 I suppose these UNK gave her more clearance for her embraces with Cousin Handley . 
 Anyhow , I wasn't surprised , early that morning , to see Handley himself crossing from Dogtown Common Road to the Back Road . 
 No , he didn't have his gun , which he should have . 
 It would have been a good excuse for his being there at all . 
 I myself had been up there by seven o'clock , after UNK , since UNK been a week of rain which had stopped early that morning and the day was as clear as UNK glass . 
 That's what the man had said . 
 Haney peered UNK at his drinking companion through UNK , UNK eyes . 
 He had no ready answer , as much from surprise as from the fit of UNK . 
 Was the man drunk or crazy or both ? ? 
 But his UNK buddy had matched him drink for drink until he lost count , and the man's eyes were still clear . 
 The guy is off his rocker , Haney thought to himself , and looked away from those eyes . 
 Eyes that were clear , but also bright with a strange intensity , a sort of cold fire burning behind them . 
 Why hadn't he noticed it before ? ? 
 No , the man was not drunk 
 He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger . 
 But , of course , he remembered now . 
 It was blurred , after two hours of steady drinking , but the occasion of it came back to him . 
 The stranger , his head seemingly sunk in thought , started to cross the street against the light just as a huge moving UNK roared through the intersection . 
 UNK UNK and a horn UNK furiously , but the man would have been hit if Phil hadn't called out to him a second before . 
 His shout had been UNK , something anybody might have done without thinking , on the spur of the moment . 
 As a matter of fact , he wouldn't have cared at all if the guy had been hit . 
 Actually , he regretted having opened his mouth when the truck came to a stop and the angry driver jumped down from the cab and walked back toward them . 
 By then , the stranger was UNK Haney UNK and had one arm around his shoulders as if he were an old friend . 
 So the driver started to curse at both of them as if they had been in a plot together to ruin his UNK record . 
 Then the man he saved turned and looked squarely into the truck driver's face , without saying a word . 
 Very suddenly , the driver stopped UNK at them , turned on his heel and went back to his truck . 
 Haney hadn't given it much thought at the time . 
 Now he recalled it very clearly , and wondered what the truck driver had seen in those eyes to make him back off . 
 It must have been the sort of look that can call a bluff without saying a word . 
 When the light went their way , they went on across the street . 
 And when the stranger found out that Phil was on the way to one of his favorite bars , he insisted on offering to buy drinks for both of them . 
 Phil usually went alone and kept to himself , sitting in a corner and passing the time by nursing his favorite UNK . 
 But he decided he wouldn't mind company in return for free drinks , even though he made good money at his job . 
 Phil was like that . 
 Now he wondered if it was worth it , having a UNK for company . 
 He really didn't take the offer seriously , but he began to feel uneasy . 
 When he finally got the UNK under control , he realized that Pete ( all he gave was his first name ) was still waiting for an answer -- he didn't even seem to wink as he continued to stare . 
 Haney managed a weak laugh . 
 `` Guess I can't think of anyone , Pete . 
 Thanks anyhow '' . 
 A faint UNK appeared between the man's eyebrows . 
 `` I think you aren't taking me seriously , Phil . 
 I meant it . 
 And everybody has some kind of grudge . 
 I might have got hit by that truck if it wasn't for you . 
 I believe in returning favors . 
 I'll do anything for somebody I like . 
 It won't cost you a cent , Phil . 
 Go ahead and try me '' ! ! 
 Phil rubbed his forehead wearily . 
 He was beginning to feel UNK . 
 Maybe it would be better to humor the guy and then make an exit . 
 He really didn't expect anything to come of it , and there were a few people 
 `` All right '' , he conceded finally , `` if you must know , I don't get along with the landlord . 
 He keeps riding me because I like to listen to the radio and sing while I'm taking a bath . 
 He says the neighbors complain , but I don't believe it . 
 Why don't they tell me themselves if it UNK them '' ? ? 
 The man closed his eyes and nodded . 
 When he looked up again , he seemed almost contented . 
 `` Fine . 
 Give me your address . 
 It will take a little time . 
 I want to study your UNK habits and movements first . 
 You see , I always make it look like an accident . 
 Maybe suicide , if it looks reasonable . 
 In that way there's no trouble for the customer '' . 
 UNK eyebrows flew up . 
 `` UNK '' ? ? 
 Pete smiled UNK . 
 `` It's my line of work '' , he said 
 Five minutes later , before Haney could make his break , the stranger stood up and nodded farewell . 
 Haney watched the small but wiry man slip out the door quickly and silently , and felt relieved to see that nobody else seemed to notice his departure . 
 Phil decided to stay a little longer , and as time passed it seemed as if the strange little man had never been there , but for the other glass on the table . 
 Some time before midnight he returned to his apartment and hit the sack , putting the whole incident out of mind before he fell asleep . 
 The next day , Sunday , the UNK reminded Haney where he had been the night before . 
 The UNK in turn reminded him of his conversation with the UNK , and he UNK . 
 He went for more UNK later in the day , and passed the UNK landlord on the way -- he was still alive and UNK as usual , as if tenants were a burden in his life . 
 Phil shrugged and ignored him . 
 He went back to work Monday . 
 By Wednesday the landlord was still alive . 
 Of course On Thursday , Haney mailed the monthly check for separate maintenance to his wife UNK , and wished the stranger could do something about her 
 Coming home from work , he was startled to see a police car parked in front of the apartment building . 
 Inside the lobby , people were standing around , talking excitedly . 
 His spine crawled with a foreboding UNK as he asked one of his fellow tenants what had happened . 
 The landlord had died . 
 Late that afternoon , it seemed , he had fallen off the roof while on some obscure errand or inspection . 
 He had apparently been alone . 
 Nobody witnessed the fall -- just the UNK impact when his body smashed on the pavement just outside the basement delivery entrance . 
 Haney hoped that nobody noticed his sudden UNK , as he felt the blood drain from his cheeks . 
 He muttered something about how terrible it was , and walked with deliberate slowness to the elevator . 
 Once inside his apartment , he poured a drink with trembling hands and flopped UNK in a chair . 
 After a while he began to feel better about it , especially when no one bothered to ask any questions . 
 But after all , why should they ? ? 
 Still later , he finally convinced himself that it was an accident -- just a coincidence . 
 The stranger really had nothing to do with it , of course 
 Haney went to bed , happy that at least he was rid of that lousy landlord . 
 After all , the man had no family , so no one suffered , and everybody was better off for it . 
 Really , he said to himself , nobody kills a man just as a favor ! ! 
 So you thought I didn't mean what I said . 
 The UNK eyes were large and sad , as if Phil Haney had hurt his feelings . 
 It was like a recurrent , annoying dream , but now the dream was beginning to take on UNK of a nightmare . 
 However , Haney knew it was not a dream . 
 He might be very tight , but he knew where he was . 
 It was the same bar , and it was two weeks later -- Saturday night , when he had an excuse to drink heavier than usual . 
 He had been sitting in the usual corner at the little table , as far as possible from any talkative , friendly UNK . 
 He was enjoying the weekly ritual of washing down his pet UNK with bourbon slightly UNK with water . 
 This favorite UNK was not the landlord . 
 He had already quite forgotten about him . 
 In fact , he had only mentioned him on the spur of the moment . 
 His real UNK was UNK . 
 Toward the end of his fourth hairy highball , while he was UNK making wet rings on the UNK with the bottom of the glass , he became aware that he was not alone . 
 He looked up with UNK eyes and UNK the stranger sitting across the table , smiling a secret smile at him , as if they were fellow conspirators . 
 He hadn't even noticed -- what was his name ? ? 
 Pete ? ? 
 -- he hadn't seen him sit down . 
 The man was uncanny , like a shadow , and made as much noise as a shadow . 
 Haney felt like UNK out of sight , but he was already trapped in the corner with the wiry , dark little man . 
 He began to wish that he hadn't shouted that other evening when the truck bore down through the crossing . 
 Was he going to be saddled from now on with a creep for a UNK ? ? 
 He'd have to start going to some of the other places again . 
 In a low voice , almost whispering , the man had asked Phil if he was happy with the way the landlord had been taken off his back . 
 He made the mistake of answering in an UNK way , and instantly realized that his skepticism must have showed in his face or voice . 
 Pete frowned slightly , then became sad and UNK . 
 Haney didn't want to encourage his company , but felt he ought to buy him a drink anyhow , to prevent possible trouble . 
 But there was no trouble . 
 The guy UNK over his drink , obviously upset by UNK lack of appreciation . 
 To break the uncomfortable silence , Haney began to talk . 
 In time , and two drinks later , he was complaining bitterly about his wife , He was on the subject for ten minutes or so when he noticed the renewed interest in his listener -- it showed in the alert face and the suddenly bright eyes . 
 When he paused to UNK his throat , the stranger broke in . 
 `` But why pay her bills ? ? 
 If she runs around with other men , and if you hate her as you say , why not just divorce her '' ? ? 
 Haney scowled . 
 `` That bitch would love a divorce '' , he growled . 
 `` Then she'd get half of everything I have . 
 Community property deal -- you know . 
 I'd have to sell out my business to pay her off with her share . 
 She can drop dead '' ! ! 
 Pete nodded UNK . 
 `` Oh yes . 
 Now I see . 
 You must understand , I haven't been in this state too long . 
 I came out here to retire . 
 That's why I -- why I do a free job now and then . 
 You should have told me about her before '' . 
 Haney felt a UNK of annoyance when he heard the now familiar line again . 
 Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain . 
 Suppose -- just suppose this guy was really what he said he was ! ! 
 A retired professional killer If he was just a nut , no harm was done . 
 But if he was the real thing , he could do something about UNK . 
 He felt very cunning , very proud of himself as he played on the other man's soft spot . 
 `` No offense intended '' , he said gently . 
 `` But it's just that -- well , you know . 
 The cops didn't suspect a thing , and I thought it was a coincidence . 
 After all , I didn't know you , Pete . 
 It could have been an accident '' . 
 He shrugged casually . 
 `` But if you say you managed it '' The stranger was hooked . 
 His eyes burned UNK . 
 `` Yes , yes '' , he muttered impatiently . 
 `` Of course it looked like an accident . 
 I always work it that way -- and always at a time when the customer has an alibi . 
 Let me prove it , Phil . 
 I think I can manage one more favor for you '' . 
 He waited eagerly . 
 Haney swished the liquor in the bottom of his glass . 
 About halfway back Pops groped against a wall and stopped , pulled away two loosely nailed wide boards at one end , and went through . 
 `` C'mon '' , he whispered ; ; 
 `` floor UNK about three feet down , so don't fall '' . 
 I went through and down , into pitch darkness . 
 He said , `` UNK stay still . 
 I'll pull the boards back and then get us a light . 
 UNK stay where you are '' . 
 I jist stayed where I was while he fumbled around and then walked away . 
 A moment later he struck a match and lighted a candle , and I could see . 
 It was a big room , empty except for a few things of UNK at the far end -- a wooden UNK on which stood the candle , a spread out blanket , and an UNK UNK . 
 I looked back over my shoulder while I went to join him ; ; 
 he'd hung another half of a blanket over the boarded window so no light would show through . 
 I took the pint bottle from my pocket and handed it over as I sat down beside him on the spread blanket . 
 `` You first '' , I said . 
 He drank and handed it back . 
 `` Nice place '' , I told him . 
 `` Listen , I got a buddy I travel with , real nice guy named Larry . 
 I know where he is , right near here . 
 Could he join the party and sleep here tonight too ? ? 
 We'll both be blowing town tomorrow so we won't be moving in on you '' . 
 He hesitated a second , looking at the bottle , before he said `` UNK '' , and I reassured him . 
 `` He'll bring a bottle too , and I'll get another one or maybe two while I'm out . 
 You can work on this one while I'm gone , kill it if you want '' . 
 I took a short swallow from it myself and handed it to him . 
 His `` UNK '' was enthusiastic this time . 
 He put the bottle down . 
 `` UNK over by the window while there's light , an' I'll put UNK candle out . 
 When UNK come back I'll put it out UNK till you're both inside '' . 
 Charlie was waiting , leaning against a building front . 
 `` UNK UNK '' , I told him . 
 `` But we got to go back to Fifth and get another bottle or two . 
 On the way I'll give you the scoop '' . 
 On the way I gave him the scoop . 
 I bought another pint of sherry and when we got back Pops let us in in the dark , put back the blanket and then lighted the candle again . 
 I introduced my friend Larry to Pops and we made ourselves comfortable . 
 There was still a little , not much , left in the first bottle and we passed it around once and killed it , and Charlie opened his . 
 I was reminded , UNK , by a poem of Kenneth Patchen's called The UNK of Two Men by a Young Kid UNK Lemon UNK UNK , which Patchen himself read on a record against jazz background . 
 The poem consisted of only two words , the word `` Wait '' , repeated over and over at irregular intervals and with different inflections , and then the word `` Now '' ! ! 
 And a UNK final chord from the jazz group . 
 This was the same , except that it was the murder of one man by two men and neither of us was wearing gloves . 
 But we could wait all right ; ; 
 there was no hurry . 
 I said , `` Wait wait '' to Charlie and he grinned , digging the reference . 
 We'd heard the record together once . 
 The second bottle passed a few times . 
 Pops was taking long ones , but not showing the effect yet . 
 He seemed as drunk as when I'd first talked to him , but no UNK . 
 He had a capacity ; ; 
 if we'd really been trying to get him dead drunk we'd have had to go out for more wine . 
 About halfway through the second bottle , Charlie looked at me across Pops , who was sitting between us and asked `` Now '' ? ? 
 I said , `` Wait '' , and handed the bottle to Pops for his final drink . 
 When he handed it back and I had hold of it safely , Pops was looking toward me and I said `` Now '' , to Charlie and he swung the short length of lead pipe he'd meanwhile taken from his pocket , once . 
 It was a lead pipe UNK . 
 There was a sound like the one you produce by UNK a UNK with your finger , only louder , and Pops fell forward from the waist and then over sidewise . 
 Out cold , if not dead ; ; 
 and he'd never known what hit him -- he'd never known that anything had hit him . 
 I reached my hand toward him to put it inside his shirt to feel for a heartbeat , but Charlie said `` Wait '' ! ! 
 -- and said it sharply , not as in the Patchen bit , but as an order -- so I stopped my hand and looked at him . 
 He was holding the piece of lead pipe out to me . 
 `` We don't want to know whether he's dead , yet . 
 I UNK that blow to be UNK . 
 To UNK him and maybe or maybe not kill . 
 You hit again about twice that hard before we know whether he's dead or not . 
 That way we'll never know which of us really killed him and which was just the UNK . 
 UNK '' ? ? 
 I dug him , I saw his point ; ; 
 it made sense . 
 I took the piece of pipe from UNK hand and used it , harder than he had . 
 The UNK was louder , anyway , and I thought I heard bone crack . 
 Charlie said , `` Good boy . 
 That did it , if mine didn't . 
 And we'll never know which . 
 All right , now I'll give you a hand '' . 
 We straightened Pops up and I made sure there was no trace of a heartbeat . 
 I nodded to Charlie . 
 `` Let's put him down again the way he was . 
 It's a more natural position '' . 
 We did that . 
 `` How do you feel '' ? ? 
 Charlie asked me . 
 `` Cool '' , I told him . 
 `` What do you feel '' ? ? 
 `` Nothing . 
 Well maybe I'm exaggerating . 
 It was a kick , but not a big enough one for me to want to take the chance again , except for stakes . 
 But let's not talk about it UNK until we're out of here . 
 Now , first question : the bottles . 
 Shall we take them all with us , or leave one '' ? ? 
 `` Take them '' , I said . 
 `` If we left one we'd have to wipe it for fingerprints . 
 Here's the picture we want to leave for the UNK -- whenever the body gets found . 
 This happened in the middle of a drinking bout with another bum . 
 If they'd been working on a bottle or a jug he'd have taken it with him '' . 
 `` Right . 
 And he'd have taken the weapon with him too , so we take that . 
 Now '' -- He looked around . 
 `` I've been careful about fingerprints . 
 How about you '' ? ? 
 `` Same . 
 There are the boards over the window , of course , but they're not painted and too rough to take prints . 
 Same goes for the rough cement of the ledge . 
 Besides , I doubt if the cops will even try dusting . 
 They find dead UNK every day , maybe they won't even UNK him for the cause of death '' . 
 `` We can't take a chance on that . 
 We've got to assume they'll decide he was murdered and we've got to keep the picture consistent . 
 Our hypothetical other bum who killed him would have turned out his pockets . 
 Let's do that '' . 
 We did that and found a dirty handkerchief , some matches and fourteen cents in change . 
 We took the matches -- they were book matches and once they'd been touched might retain fingerprints -- and the change . 
 We discussed the candle and decided the hypothetical other bum would have left it burning to light his way to the window and because he'd have no reason to blow it out . 
 The candle had been stuck on a tin lid so it wouldn't set fire to the UNK when it UNK out . 
 A fire wouldn't have mattered except that it would cause Pops to be found sooner . 
 He might not be found for days , even weeks , otherwise . 
 We went once more over every point , then UNK . 
 Being picked up for questioning by a cop on the way out seemed to be the only possible remaining danger , and we weren't picked up by a cop . 
 In fact , nobody saw us , cop or citizen . 
 UNK is a quiet street with no taverns and was completely deserted at that hour . 
 Which , if it matters , was one A.M. . 
 Less than three hours ago we'd decided , in UNK Wells's pad on UNK , to commit a trial murder . 
 It had gone like UNK . 
 Almost too smoothly , I found myself thinking , and then told myself that was ridiculous . 
 How safe is too safe ? ? 
 Thinking like that can get you into a padded pad . 
 An hour later we were back in my UNK pad , killing what had been left of the second pint . 
 We decided to leave the third one intact for tomorrow . 
 Also our plans for me to commit UNK murder and for him to commit mine . 
 But we were really going to do it . 
 We shook hands on it . 
 We planned ahead only one step , a rendezvous for tomorrow when we could UNK notes . 
 I'd tell him everything I'd learned about UNK habits and habitat , and he'd tell me the score on Radic . 
 We made the date for two o'clock in the afternoon at UNK Wells's pad . 
 Charlie would get there early because he had the key . 
 From here on in , the less Charlie and I were seen together in public , or visited one another's rooms , the better . 
 I was dead tired and slept UNK , as far as I know UNK . 
 We met at UNK and decided we were set to stay as long as it took , into or even through the evening , to talk things out . 
 Charlie had brought food and we'd decided on no drinks . 
 I'd brought along the virgin pint from last night , but we were going to kill that only when we were through talking . 
 I talked first , telling him everything I knew about UNK and his house and domestic arrangements . 
 I drew diagrams and floor plans ; ; 
 he UNK them thoroughly and then we tore them into tiny pieces and flushed them down . 
 He gave me equivalent and even more detailed UNK on Radic , including diagrams -- one of the apartment building Radic lived in and one of the apartment itself . 
 He'd been there several times , back when , while he and Radic had been friends , or at least not enemies . 
 It didn't take us as long as we'd thought it might ; ; 
 it was not quite six o'clock when we finished and Charlie said , `` Well , I guess that's it . 
 Shall we UNK a coin to see which of us goes first ? ? 
 Or would you rather deal a hand of UNK poker or play a game of gin UNK , or what '' ? ? 
 `` Wait a minute , Charlie '' , I said . 
 `` One thing we haven't discussed , expense money . 
 We'll need some at least , if only bus fare to the scene of the crime . 
 And if you're as flat broke as I am , I think we'll have to take the added risk of knocking over a filling station or something before we split for one of us to set up an alibi while the other does his dirty work '' . 
 He sighed . 
 `` All right , I'll come clean . 
 I've got a little UNK for a rainy day , and I guess this is rainy enough . 
 A couple of hundred . 
 If you draw the short straw I'll lend you some bread , like fifty bucks , before I take off to visit my sister in UNK . 
 Then , after I'm back , another fifty so you can put some mileage on yourself and have a solid alibi somewhere while I take care of your seat cover boy '' . 
 `` Solid '' , I said . 
 I took a deep breath , and the plunge . 
 `` In that case , let's not draw . 
 I'll go to bat first . 
 You'd have to wait till UNK back from Mexico City and also while I set it up with Doris to have her have an alibi for UNK . 
 So it wouldn't be for days or even a week before you could do anything . 
 But your friend UNK can go any time '' . 
 He grinned and clapped me on the shoulder . 
 `` I was hoping you'd say that , Willy . 
 But I wouldn't have suggested it . 
 Well -- in that case , I take off tomorrow morning for UNK . 
 And , in case , I brought the money with me '' . 
 Now that he knew himself to be self he was free to grok ever closer to his brothers , merge without let . 
 UNK integrity was and is and ever had been . 
 Mike stopped to cherish all his brother selves , the many UNK on Mars , corporate and UNK , the precious few on Earth -- the unknown powers of three on Earth that would be his to merge with and cherish now that at last long waiting he grokked and cherished himself . 
 Mike remained in trance ; ; 
 there was much to grok , loose ends to puzzle over and fit into his growing -- all that he had seen and heard and been at the UNK Foster UNK ( not just UNK when he and Digby had come face to face alone ) why Bishop Senator UNK made him UNK uneasy , how Miss UNK UNK tasted like a water brother when she was not , the smell of goodness he had UNK grokked in the jumping up and down and wailing -- 
 UNK conversations coming and going -- UNK words troubled him most ; ; 
 he studied them , compared them with what he had been taught as a UNK , struggling to bridge between languages , the one he thought with and the one he was learning to think in . 
 The word `` church '' which turned up over and over again among UNK words gave him UNK difficulty ; ; 
 there was no Martian concept to match it -- unless one took `` church '' and `` worship '' and `` God '' and `` congregation '' and many other words and equated them to the UNK of the only world he had known during UNK then forced the concept back into English in that phrase which had been rejected ( by each differently ) by Jubal , by UNK , by Digby . 
 `` Thou art God '' . 
 He was closer to understanding it in English now , although it could never have the UNK of the Martian concept it stood for . 
 In his mind he spoke simultaneously the English sentence and the Martian word and felt closer grokking . 
 UNK it like a student telling himself that the UNK is in the UNK he sank into UNK . 
 Before midnight he UNK his heart , resumed normal breathing , ran down his check list , UNK and sat up . 
 He had been weary ; ; 
 now he felt light and gay and UNK , ready for the many actions he saw spreading out before him . 
 He felt a UNK need for company as strong as his earlier necessity for quiet . 
 He stepped out into the hall , was delighted to encounter a water brother . 
 `` Hi '' ! ! 
 `` Oh . 
 Hello , Mike . 
 My , you look UNK '' . 
 `` I feel fine ! ! 
 Where is everybody '' ? ? 
 `` UNK . 
 Ben and UNK went home an hour ago and people started going to bed '' . 
 `` Oh '' . 
 Mike felt disappointed that UNK had left ; ; 
 he wanted to explain his new grokking . 
 `` I ought to be asleep , too , but I felt like a snack . 
 Are you hungry '' ? ? 
 `` Sure , I'm hungry '' ! ! 
 `` Come on , there's some cold chicken and we'll see what else '' . 
 They went downstairs , loaded a tray lavishly . 
 `` Let's take it outside . 
 It's plenty warm '' . 
 `` A fine idea '' , Mike agreed . 
 `` UNK enough to swim -- real Indian summer . 
 I'll switch on the floods '' . 
 `` Don't bother '' , Mike answered . 
 `` I'll carry the tray '' . 
 He could see in almost total darkness . 
 Jubal said that his UNK probably came from the conditions in which he had grown up , and Mike grokked this was true but grokked that there was more to it ; ; 
 his foster parents had taught him to see . 
 As for the night being warm , he would have been comfortable naked on Mount UNK but his water brothers had little tolerance for changes in temperature and pressure ; ; 
 he was considerate of their weakness , once he learned of it . 
 But he was looking forward to snow -- seeing for himself that each tiny crystal of the water of life was a unique individual , as he had read -- walking barefoot , rolling in it . 
 In the meantime he was pleased with the warm night and the still more pleasing company of his water brother . 
 `` Okay , take the tray . 
 I'll switch on the underwater lights . 
 That'll be plenty to eat by '' . 
 `` Fine '' . 
 Mike liked having light up through the ripples ; ; 
 it was a goodness , beauty . 
 They UNK by the pool , then lay back on the grass and looked at stars . 
 `` Mike , there's Mars . 
 It is Mars , isn't it ? ? 
 Or UNK '' ? ? 
 `` It is Mars '' . 
 `` Mike ? ? 
 What are they doing on Mars '' ? ? 
 He hesitated ; ; 
 the question was too wide for the sparse English language . 
 `` On the side toward the horizon -- the southern hemisphere -- it is spring ; ; 
 plants are being taught to grow '' . 
 `` ' UNK to grow ' '' ? ? 
 He hesitated . 
 `` Larry teaches plants to grow . 
 I have helped him . 
 But my people -- UNK , I mean ; ; 
 I now grok you are my people -- teach plants another way . 
 In the other hemisphere it is growing colder and UNK , those who stayed alive through the summer , are being brought into UNK for UNK and more growing '' . 
 He thought . 
 `` Of the humans we left at the UNK , one has UNK and the others are sad '' . 
 Yes , I heard it in the news '' . 
 Mike had not heard it ; ; 
 he had not known it until asked . 
 `` They should not be sad . 
 Mr. UNK T. W. Jones Food UNK First Class is not sad ; ; 
 the Old UNK have cherished him '' . 
 `` You knew him '' ? ? 
 `` Yes . 
 He had his own face , dark and beautiful . 
 But he was UNK '' . 
 `` Oh , dear ! ! 
 Mike do you ever get UNK ? ? 
 For Mars '' ? ? 
 `` At first I was UNK '' , he answered . 
 `` I was lonely always '' . 
 He rolled toward her and took her in his arms . 
 `` But now I am not lonely . 
 I grok I shall never be lonely again '' . 
 `` Mike darling '' -- They kissed , and went on kissing . 
 Presently his water brother said UNK . 
 `` Oh , my ! ! 
 That was almost worse than the first time '' . 
 `` You are all right , my brother '' ? ? 
 `` Yes . 
 Yes indeed . 
 UNK me again '' . 
 A long time later , by cosmic clock , she said , `` Mike ? ? 
 Is that -- I mean , ' Do you know ' '' -- 
 `` I know . 
 It is for growing closer . 
 Now we grow closer '' . 
 `` Well I've been ready a long time -- goodness , we all have , but never mind , dear ; ; 
 turn just a little . 
 I'll help '' . 
 As they merged , grokking together , Mike said softly and triumphantly : `` Thou art God '' . 
 Her answer was not in words . 
 Then , as their grokking made them ever closer and Mike felt himself almost ready to UNK her voice called him back : `` Oh ! ! 
 Oh ! ! 
 Thou art God '' ! ! 
 `` We grok God '' . 
 25 . 
 On Mars humans were building pressure domes for the male and female party that would arrive by next ship . 
 This went faster than scheduled as the UNK were helpful . 
 Part of the time saved was spent on a preliminary estimate for a UNK plan to free bound oxygen in the sands of Mars to make the planet more friendly to future human generations . 
 The Old UNK neither helped nor UNK this plan ; ; 
 time was not yet . 
 Their UNK were approaching a violent UNK that would shape Martian art for many UNK . 
 On Earth elections continued and a very advanced poet published a limited edition of verse consisting entirely of UNK marks and spaces ; ; 
 Time magazine reviewed it and suggested that the Federation Assembly Daily UNK should be translated into the medium . 
 A UNK campaign opened to sell more sexual organs of plants and Mrs. Joseph ( `` Shadow of UNK '' ) Douglas was quoted as saying : `` I would no more sit down without flowers on my table than without UNK '' . 
 A UNK UNK from UNK , UNK , announced in Beverly Hills a newly discovered , ancient UNK discipline for ripple breathing which increased both UNK and cosmic attraction between sexes . 
 His UNK were required to assume the UNK posture dressed in UNK UNK while he read aloud from UNK and an assistant UNK examined their UNK in another room -- nothing was stolen ; ; 
 the purpose was less immediate . 
 The President of the United States proclaimed the first Sunday in November as `` National UNK Day '' and urged America to say it with flowers . 
 A funeral parlor chain was UNK for UNK . 
 UNK bishops , after secret UNK , announced the Church's second Major UNK : Supreme Bishop Digby had been translated bodily to Heaven and UNK to UNK , ranking UNK UNK Foster . 
 The glorious news had been held up pending UNK confirmation of the UNK of a new Supreme Bishop , UNK Short -- a candidate accepted by the UNK faction after lots had been cast repeatedly . 
 UNK and UNK published identical UNK of UNK UNK , UNK UNK and the Christian Science UNK ignored it , Times of India UNK at it , and the Manchester Guardian simply reported it -- the UNK in England were few but extremely militant . 
 Digby was not pleased with his promotion . 
 The Man from Mars had interrupted him with his work half finished -- and that stupid UNK Short was certain to UNK it up . 
 Foster listened with UNK patience until Digby ran down , then said , `` Listen , junior , you're an angel now -- so forget it . 
 UNK is no time for UNK . 
 You too were a stupid UNK until you poisoned me . 
 Afterwards you did well enough . 
 Now that Short is Supreme Bishop he'll do all right , he can't help it . 
 Same as with the UNK . 
 Some of them were warts until they got promoted . 
 Check with one of them , go ahead -- there's no professional jealousy here '' . 
 Digby calmed down , but made one request . 
 Foster shook his UNK . 
 `` You can't touch him . 
 You shouldn't have tried to . 
 Oh , you can submit a UNK for a miracle if you want to make a fool of yourself . 
 But , I'm telling you , it'll be turned down -- you don't understand the System yet . 
 The UNK have their own setup , different from ours , and as long as they need him , we can't touch him . 
 They run their show their way -- the Universe has variety , something for everybody -- a fact you field workers often miss '' . 
 `` You mean this UNK can brush me aside and I've got to hold still for it '' ? ? 
 `` I held still for the same thing , didn't I ? ? 
 I'm helping you now , am I not ? ? 
 Now look , there's work to be done and lots of it . 
 The UNK wants performance , not UNK . 
 If you need a Day off to calm down , duck over to the UNK Paradise and take it . 
 Otherwise , straighten your UNK , square your wings , and dig in . 
 The sooner you act like an angel the quicker you'll feel UNK . 
 Get Happy , junior '' ! ! 
 Digby heaved a deep UNK sigh . 
 `` Okay , I'm Happy . 
 Where do I start '' ? ? 
 Jubal did not hear of UNK disappearance when it was announced , and , when he did , while he had a fleeting suspicion , he dismissed it ; ; 
 if Mike had had a finger in it , he had gotten away with it -- and what happened to supreme bishops worried Jubal not at all as long as he wasn't bothered . 
 His household had gone through an upset . 
 Jubal deduced what had happened but did not know with whom -- and didn't want to inquire . 
 Mike was of legal age and presumed able to defend himself in the UNK . 
 Anyhow , it was high time the boy was UNK . 
 Jubal couldn't reconstruct the crime from the way the girls behaved because patterns kept shifting -- UNK vs D , then UNK vs A or UNK vs CD , or UNK vs UNK , through all ways that four women can gang up on each other . 
 This continued most of the week following that ill-starred trip to church , during which period Mike stayed in his room and usually in a trance so deep that Jubal would have pronounced him dead had he not seen it before . 
 Jubal would not have UNK it if service had not gone to pieces . 
 The girls seemed to spend half their time UNK in `` to see if Mike was all right '' and they were too preoccupied to cook , much less be secretaries . 
 Even UNK Anne -- Hell , Anne was the worst ! ! 
 UNK , subject to unexplained tears Jubal would have bet his life that if Anne were to witness the Second Coming , she would UNK date , time , UNK , events , and UNK pressure without batting her calm blue eyes . 
 The expense and time involved are astronomical . 
 However , we sent a third vessel out , a much smaller and faster one than the first two . 
 We have learned much about interstellar drives since a hundred years ago ; ; 
 that is all I can tell you about them . 
 `` But the third ship came back several years ago and reported '' 
 `` That it had found a planet on which human beings could live and which was already inhabited by UNK beings '' ! ! 
 Said Hal , forgetting in his enthusiasm that he had not been asked to speak . 
 Macneff stopped pacing to stare at Hal with his pale blue eyes . 
 `` How did you know '' ? ? 
 He said sharply . 
 `` Forgive me , UNK '' , said Hal . 
 `` But it was inevitable ! ! 
 Did not the Forerunner predict in his Time and the World Line that such a planet would be found ? ? 
 I believe it was on page UNK '' ! ! 
 Macneff smiled and said , `` I am glad that your UNK lessons have left such an impression '' . 
 How could they not ? ? 
 UNK Hal . 
 Besides , they were not the only impressions . 
 I still bear scars on my back where UNK , my gapt , whipped me because I had not learned my lessons well enough . 
 He was a good UNK , that UNK . 
 Was ? ? 
 Is ! ! 
 As I grew older and was promoted , so was he , always where I was . 
 He was my gapt in the UNK . 
 He was the UNK gapt when I went to college and thought I was getting away from him . 
 He is now my block gapt . 
 He is the one responsible for my getting such low M. UNK . 
 UNK , came the revulsion , the protest . 
 No , not he , for I , and I alone , am responsible for whatever happens to me . 
 If I get a low M. R. , I do so because I want it that way or my dark self does . 
 If I die , I die because I willed it so . 
 So , forgive me , Sigmen , for the UNK thoughts ! ! 
 `` Please pardon me again , UNK '' , said Hal . 
 `` But did the expedition find any records of the Forerunner having been on this planet ? ? 
 Perhaps , even , though this is too much to wish , find the Forerunner himself '' ? ? 
 `` No '' , said Macneff . 
 `` Though that does not mean that there may not be such records there . 
 The expedition was under orders to make a swift survey of conditions and then to return to Earth . 
 I can't tell you now the distance in UNK or what star this was , though you can see it with the naked eye at night in this hemisphere . 
 If you volunteer , you will be told where you're going after the ship leaves . 
 And it leaves very soon '' . 
 `` You need a linguist '' ? ? 
 Said Hal . 
 `` The ship is huge '' , said Macneff , `` but the number of military men and specialists we are taking limits the linguists to one . 
 We have considered several of your professionals because they were UNK and above suspicion . 
 Unfortunately '' 
 Hal waited : Macneff paced some more , frowning . 
 Then , he said , `` Unfortunately , only one UNK linguist exists , and he is too old for this expedition . 
 Therefore '' 
 `` A thousand UNK '' , said Hal . 
 `` But I have just thought of one thing . 
 I am married '' . 
 `` No problem at all '' , said Macneff . 
 `` There will be no women aboard the Gabriel . 
 And , if a man is married , he will automatically be given a divorce '' . 
 Hal gasped , and he said , `` A divorce '' ? ? 
 Macneff raised his hands apologetically and said , `` You are horrified , of course . 
 But , from our reading of the Western Talmud , we UNK believe that the Forerunner , knowing this situation would arise , made reference to and provision for divorce . 
 It's inevitable in this case , for the couple will be separated for , at the least , forty years . 
 Naturally , he UNK the provision in obscure language . 
 In his great and glorious wisdom , he knew that our enemies the UNK must not be able to read therein what we planned '' . 
 `` I volunteer '' , said Hal . 
 `` Tell me more , UNK '' . 
 Six months later , Hal Yarrow stood in the observation dome of the Gabriel and watched the ball of Earth UNK above him . 
 It was night on this hemisphere , but the light UNK from the UNK of Australia , Japan , China , Southeast Asia , India , Siberia . 
 Hal , the linguist , saw the glittering discs and UNK in terms of the languages spoken therein . 
 Australia , the UNK Islands , Japan , and northern China were inhabited by those members of the UNK Union that spoke American . 
 Southern China , all of southeast Asia , southern India and Ceylon , these states of the UNK Federation spoke UNK . 
 Siberia spoke UNK . 
 His mind turned the globe swiftly for him , and he UNK Africa , which used UNK south of the UNK Sea . 
 All around the Mediterranean Sea , Asia Minor , northern India , and Tibet , Hebrew was the native tongue . 
 In southern Europe , between the Israeli Republics and the UNK peoples of northern Europe , was a thin but long stretch of territory called March . 
 This was no man's land , UNK by the UNK Union and the Israeli Republic , a potential source of war for the last two hundred years . 
 Neither nation would give up their claim on it , yet neither wished to make any move that might lead to a second UNK War . 
 So , for all practical purposes , it was an independent nation and by now had its own organized government ( UNK outside its own borders ) . 
 Its citizens spoke all of the world's surviving tongues , plus a new one called UNK , a UNK whose vocabulary was derived from the other six and whose syntax was so simple it could be contained on half a sheet of paper . 
 Hal saw in his mind the rest of Earth : Iceland , UNK , the Caribbean Islands , and the eastern half of South America . 
 Here the peoples spoke the tongue of Iceland because that island had gotten the jump on the UNK who were busy UNK North America and the western half of South America after the UNK War . 
 Then there was North America , where American was the native speech of all except the twenty descendants of UNK living on the Hudson Bay UNK . 
 Hal knew that when that side of Earth rotated into the night zone , Sigmen City would blaze out into space . 
 And , somewhere in that enormous light , was his apartment . 
 But Mary would soon no longer be living there , for she would be notified in a few days that her husband had died in an accident while on a flight to UNK . 
 She would weep in private , he was sure , for she loved him in her frigid way , though in public she would be UNK . 
 Her friends and professional associates would sympathize with her , not because she had lost a beloved husband , but because she had been married to a man who thought UNK . 
 If Hal Yarrow had been killed in a crash , he must have wanted it that way . 
 There was no such thing as an `` accident '' . 
 Somehow , all the other passengers ( also supposed to have died in this web of elaborate frauds to cover up the disappearance of the personnel of the Gabriel ) had simultaneously `` agreed '' to die . 
 And , therefore , being in UNK , they would not be UNK and their ashes flung to the winds in public ceremony . 
 No , the fish could eat their bodies for all the UNK cared . 
 Hal felt sorry for Mary ; ; 
 he had a time keeping the tears from UNK to his own eyes as he stood in the crowd in the observation dome . 
 Yet , he told himself , this was the best way . 
 He and Mary would no longer have to tear and UNK at each other ; ; 
 their mutual UNK would be over . 
 Mary was free to marry again , not knowing that the UNK had secretly given her a divorce , thinking that death had dissolved her marriage . 
 She would have a year in which to make up her mind , to choose a mate from a list selected by her gapt . 
 Perhaps , the psychological barriers that had prevented her from UNK UNK child would no longer be present . 
 Perhaps . 
 Hal doubted if this happy event would occur . 
 Mary was as frozen below the UNK as he . 
 No matter who the candidate for marriage selected by the gapt 
 The gapt . 
 UNK . 
 He would no longer have to see that fat face , hear that whining voice 
 `` Hal Yarrow '' ! ! 
 Said the whining voice . 
 And , slowly , feeling himself icy yet burning , Hal turned . 
 There was the squat UNK man , smiling UNK up at him . 
 `` My beloved ward , my perennial UNK '' , said the whining voice . 
 `` I had no idea that you , too , would be on this glorious voyage . 
 But I might have known ! ! 
 We seem to be bound by love ; ; 
 Sigmen himself must have foreseen it . 
 Love to you , my ward '' . 
 `` Sigmen love you , too , my UNK '' , said Hal , choking . 
 `` How wonderful to see your cherished self . 
 I had thought we would never again speak to each other '' . 
 5 
 the Gabriel pointed towards her destination and , under UNK acceleration , began to build up towards her ultimate velocity , UNK percent of the speed of light . 
 Meanwhile , all the personnel except those few needed to carry out the performance of the ship , went into the UNK . 
 Here they would lie in suspended UNK for many years . 
 Some time later , after a check had been made of all automatic equipment , the crew would join the others . 
 They would sleep while the Gabriel's drive would increase the acceleration to a point which the UNK bodies of the personnel could not have endured . 
 Upon reaching the desired speed , the automatic equipment would cut off the drive , and the silent but not empty vessel would UNK towards the star which was its UNK end . 
 Many years later , the UNK apparatus in the nose of the ship would determine that the star was close enough to UNK UNK . 
 Again , a force too strong for UNK bodies to endure would be applied . 
 Then , after slowing the vessel considerably , the drive would adjust to a UNK UNK . 
 And the crew would be automatically brought out of their suspended UNK . 
 These members would then UNK the rest of the personnel . 
 And , in the UNK left before reaching their destination , the men would carry out whatever preparations were needed . 
 Hal Yarrow was among the last to go into the UNK and among the first to come out . 
 He had to study the recordings of the language of the chief nation of Ozagen , Siddo . 
 And , from the first , he faced a difficult task . 
 The expedition that had discovered Ozagen had succeeded in UNK two thousand Siddo words with an equal number of American words . 
 The description of the Siddo syntax was very restricted . 
 And , as Hal found out , obviously mistaken in many cases . 
 This discovery caused Hal anxiety . 
 His duty was to write a school text and to teach the entire personnel of the Gabriel how to speak Ozagen . 
 Yet , if he used all of the little means at his disposal , he would be UNK his students UNK . 
 Moreover , even getting this across would be difficult . 
 For one thing , the organs of speech of the Ozagen natives differed somewhat from UNK ; ; 
 the sounds made by these organs were , therefore , UNK . 
 It was true that they could be approximated , but would the UNK understand these UNK ? ? 
 Another obstacle was the grammatical construction of Siddo . 
 Consider the tense system . 
 Instead of UNK a verb or using an UNK particle to indicate the past or future , Siddo used an entirely different word . 
 Thus , the masculine UNK UNK UNK , meaning to live , was , in the perfect tense , UNK , and , in the future , UNK . 
 The same use of an entirely different word applied for all the other UNK . 
 Plus the fact that Siddo not only had the normal ( to Earthmen ) three UNK of masculine , feminine , and UNK , but the two extra of UNK and spiritual . 
 Fortunately , UNK was UNK , though the expression of it would be difficult for anybody not born in Siddo . 
 The system of indicating UNK varied according to tense . 
 All the other parts of speech : UNK , pronouns , adjectives , UNK , and UNK operated under the same system as the verbs . 
 This was not , for the Angel , just a matter of running through a logical or UNK chain , or deciding on some action from some already established premise . 
 No doubt the Angels could do that kind of thing as fast as any computer . 
 What Gabriel was being asked to do now , however , was to re-examine all his basic assumptions , make UNK on them , and give them new and different powers in his mind to govern his motives . 
 This is not wholly a reasoning process -- a computer cannot do it all -- and even in an Angel it takes time . 
 ( Or , perhaps , especially in an Angel , whose assumptions had mostly been fixed millions of years ago . 
 ) 
 Being reasonably sure of the reason for the long pause , however , did not make it seem any less long to Jack . 
 He had already become used to UNK snapping back answers to questions almost before Jack could get them asked . 
 There was nothing he could do but wait . 
 The dice were cast . 
 At last Gabriel spoke . 
 `` We UNK you '' , he said slowly . 
 `` We had concluded that no race as ephemeral as yours could have had time to develop a sense of justice . 
 Of course we have before us the example of the great races at the UNK center ; ; 
 individually they are nearly as mortal as you -- the difference does not seem very marked to us , where it exists . 
 But they have survived for long periods as races , whereas you are young . 
 We shall recommend to them that they shorten your trial period by half . 
 `` For now , it is clear that we were in the wrong . 
 You may UNK your property , and the penalty on Hesperus is lifted . 
 Hesperus , you may speak '' . 
 `` I did not perceive this essential distinction either , UNK '' , Hesperus said at once , `` I was only practicing a concept that Jack taught me , called a deal '' . 
 `` Nevertheless , you were its agent . 
 Jack , what is the nature of this concept '' ? ? 
 `` It's a kind of agreement in which each party gives something to the other '' , Jack said . 
 `` We regard it as fair only when each party feels that what he has received is as valuable , or more valuable , than what he has given '' . 
 His heart , he discovered , was pounding . 
 `` For instance , Hesperus agreed to help me find my property , and I agreed to take him to Earth . 
 Between individuals , this process is called bargaining . 
 When it is done between races or nations , it is called making a treaty . 
 And the major part of my mission to your nest is to make a treaty between your race and mine . 
 UNK the property was much less important '' . 
 `` Strange '' , Gabriel said . 
 `` And apparently impossible . 
 Though it might be that we would have much to give you , you have nothing to give us '' . 
 `` Hesperus and UNK '' , Jack said , `` show that we do '' . 
 Another pause ; ; 
 but this one was not nearly as long . 
 `` Then it is a matter of pleasure ; ; 
 of curiosity ; ; 
 of a more alive time . 
 Yes , those could be commodities under this concept . 
 But you should understand , Jack , that Hesperus and UNK are not long out of the nursery . 
 UNK the Earth would not be an offering of worth to those of us who are older '' . 
 This explained a great deal . 
 `` All the more reason , then '' , Jack said , `` why we must have a treaty . 
 We will gladly entertain your young and give them proper living quarters , in return for their help in running our fusion reactors . 
 But we must know if this is in accordance with your customs , and must have your agreement they will not misuse the power we put in their hands , to our hurt '' . 
 `` But this simply requires that they behave in accordance with the dictates of their own natures , and respect yours in turn . 
 To this we of course agree '' . 
 Jack felt a wave of complete UNK , but in a second it had vanished without a trace . 
 What Gabriel was asking was that mankind UNK all its parochial moral judgments , and contract to let the Angels serve on Earth as it is in Heaven regardless of the applicable Earth laws . 
 The Angels in turn would exercise similar restraints in respect for the natural preferences and natures of the Earthmen -- but they had no UNK notion of man's perverse habit of passing and enforcing laws which were contrary to his own preferences and UNK of his nature . 
 The simple treaty principle that Gabriel was asking him to UNK , in short , was nothing less than total trust . 
 Nothing less would serve . 
 And it might be , considering the uncomfortable custom the Angels had of thinking of everything in terms of UNK , that the proposal of anything less might well amount instead to something like a declaration of war . 
 Furthermore , even the highly trained law clerk who was a part of Jack's total make-up could not understand how the principle could ever be UNK . 
 Almost the whole experience of mankind pointed toward suspicion , not trust , as the safest and UNK attitude toward all outsiders . 
 Yet there was some precedent for it . 
 The history of disarmament agreements , for instance , had been UNK dismal ; ; 
 but the United States and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics nevertheless did eventually agree on an atomic bomb test ban , and a sort of provisional acceptance of each other's good intentions on this limited question . 
 Out of that agreement , though not by any easy road , eventually emerged the present world UNK of the United Nations ; ; 
 suspicion between member states still existed , but it was of about the same low order of UNK as the twentieth-century rivalry between Arizona and California over water supplies . 
 Besides , agreements `` in principle '' , with the petty details to be UNK out later , were commonplace in diplomatic history . 
 The trouble with them was that they almost never worked , and in fact an agreement `` in principle '' historically turned out to be a sure sign that neither party really wanted the quarrel settled . 
 Suppose that this one were to work ? ? 
 There was no question in Jack's mind of the good faith on one side , at least . 
 If mankind could be convinced of that 
 It was worth trying . 
 In fact , it had to be tried . 
 It would be at once the most tentative and most final treaty that Earth had ever signed . 
 Secretary Hart had taught Jack , at least partially , to be content with small beginnings in all diplomatic matters ; ; 
 but there was no small way to handle this one . 
 He turned back to the screens , the crucial , conclusive phrase on his lips . 
 But he was too late . 
 He had lost his audience . 
 For a moment he could make no sense at all of what he saw . 
 It seemed to be only a riot of color , light and meaningless activity . 
 Gradually , he realized that the UNK of Angel elders had vanished , and that the ritual learning dance of the nursery had been broken up . 
 The Angels in the nursery were zigzagging wildly in all directions , seemingly at random . 
 `` Hesperus ! ! 
 What's going on here ? ? 
 What's happened '' ? ? 
 `` Your brothers have been found . 
 They are on their way here '' . 
 `` Where ? ? 
 I don't see them . 
 The instruments don't show them '' . 
 `` You can't see them yet , Jack . 
 They'll be in range in a short while '' . 
 Jack scanned the skies , the boards , and the skies again . 
 Nothing . 
 No -- there was a tiny UNK on the radar ; ; 
 and it was getting bigger rapidly . 
 If that was the skiff , it was making unprecedented speed . 
 Then the skiff UNK into sight , just a dot of light at first against the UNK blackness and crimson streaks of the Coal UNK . 
 Through the telescope , Jack could see that both UNK were still attached to it . 
 The sail was still UNK , though there were a good many holes in it , as UNK had predicted would be the case by now . 
 It was a startling , almost UNK sight ; ; 
 but even more awesome was the fact that it was trailing an enormous UNK of Angels . 
 The skiff was not heading for the nursery , however . 
 It seemed unlikely that her crew , if either of them were alive , could even see the UNK , for they were passing her at a distance of nearly a UNK . 
 And there would be no chance of signaling them -- without the UNK generator Jack could not send a call powerful enough to get through all the static , and by the time he could rebuild his fusion power the skiff would be gone . 
 UNK , helpless , he watched them pass him . 
 The sail , ragged though it was , still had enough surface to catch some of the ocean of power being poured out from the nursery stars . 
 He would never have believed , without seeing it , that the bizarre little vessel could go so fast . 
 But where was it going ? ? 
 And why was it causing so much agitation among the Angels , and being followed by so many of them ? ? 
 There was only one possible answer , but Jack's horrified mind refused to believe it until he had fed the radar plots of the UNK course into the computer . 
 The curve on the card the computer spat back at him couldn't be argued with , however . 
 The skiff was headed for the very center of the UNK -- toward that place which , Jack knew now , could hold nothing less important than the very core of the UNK life and religion . 
 It was clear that UNK had at last found a way to attract the UNK attention . 
 It was equally clear that as of this moment , the treaty was off . 
 UNK chase 10 
 UNK would have to be headed off , whether he knew where he was going or not . 
 Almost surely he did ; ; 
 after all , he had had the same set of facts as Jack had had to work from , and he was an almost UNK UNK man . 
 But not having talked to the Angels , he had made a wrong turn in his reasoning somewhere along the line . 
 Had he decided , perhaps , that the center of the cloud was a center of government , instead of a center of life and faith '' ? ? 
 But it didn't matter now whether he meant to invade the Holy of UNK , or was simply headed in that direction by accident . 
 If it was intentional , it was now also unnecessary ; ; 
 and whether intentional or not , the outcome would be disastrous . 
 Jack crawled under the boards and restored the six feet of lead line he had UNK from the UNK generator switch . 
 When he was back on his feet again and about to UNK the UNK , however , he hesitated . 
 He had to have fusion power to catch up with the skiff , and he had to have it fast . 
 But fusion power in the Coal UNK was what had triggered all the trouble in the first place -- and he already had an Angel aboard . 
 `` Hesperus '' ? ? 
 `` UNK '' . 
 `` I'm going to turn my generator back on , as I promised to do . 
 But I can't take you to Earth yet . 
 First I've got to intercept my brothers before they get any deeper into trouble . 
 Will you obstruct this , or will you help ? ? 
 I know it's not part of the bargain , and your elders might not like it '' . 
 `` Nobody else can live in your hearth while I am in it '' , Hesperus said promptly . 
 `` As for my elders , they have already admitted that they were wrong . 
 If because of this incident they become angry with Earth , I will not be permitted to go there at all . 
 Therefore of course I will help '' . 
 With a UNK sigh of relief , Jack UNK the UNK back in and threw the switch . 
 Without an UNK transition , the green light that meant full fusion power winked on the board . 
 Always before , it had taken five minutes to -- 
 Of course . 
 Hesperus was in there . 
 From here on out , the UNK was going to be hotter than any space cruiser man had ever dreamed of . 
 But since he had failed to anticipate it , he lost the five minutes anyhow , in UNK an intercept orbit . 
 `` Hesperus , don't use this UNK vector trick of yours , please . 
 Ryan UNK his bulk up and supported it on one elbow . 
 He rubbed his eyes UNK with one huge UNK . 
 `` Ekstrohm , Nogol , you guys okay '' ? ? 
 `` Nothing wrong with me that couldn't be cured '' , Nogol said . 
 He didn't say what would cure him ; ; 
 he had been explaining all during the trip what he needed to make him feel like himself . 
 His small black eyes darted inside the olive oval of his face . 
 `` Ekstrohm '' ? ? 
 Ryan insisted . 
 `` Okay '' . 
 `` Well , let's take a UNK look at the country around here '' . 
 The UNK rolled open on the landscape . 
 A range of bluffs UNK the horizon , the color of decaying UNK . 
 Above them , the sky was the black of space , or the almost equal black of the winter sky above Minneapolis , seen against UNK snow . 
 That cold , empty sky was full of fire and light . 
 It seemed almost a magnification of the UNK itself , of the UNK Way , blown up by some master photographer . 
 This fiery UNK was actually only a belt of minor planets , almost like the UNK belt in the original UNK System . 
 These planets were much bigger , nearly all capable of holding an atmosphere . 
 But to the UNK of scientists , for no known reason not all of them did . 
 This would be the fifth mapping expedition to the UNK of UNK in three generations . 
 They lay months away from the nearest Earth star by jump drive , and no one knew what they were good for , although it was felt that they would probably be good for something if it could only be discovered -- much like the continent of UNK in ancient history . 
 `` How can a planet with so many neighbors be so lonely '' ? ? 
 Ryan asked . 
 He was the captain , so he could ask questions like that . 
 `` Some can be lonely in a crowd '' , Nogol said elaborately . 
 `` What will we need outside , Ryan '' ? ? 
 Ekstrohm asked . 
 `` No UNK '' , the captain answered . 
 `` We can breathe out there , all right . 
 It just won't be easy . 
 This old world lost all of its helium and trace gases long ago . 
 UNK and oxygen are about it '' . 
 `` Ryan , look over there '' , Nogol said . 
 `` Animals . 
 UNK the ship . 
 Think they're intelligent , maybe hostile '' ? ? 
 `` I think they're dead '' , Ekstrohm UNK quietly . 
 `` I get no readings from them at all . 
 UNK , electronic , UNK -- all blank . 
 According to these needles , they're stone dead '' . 
 `` Ekstrohm , you and I will have a look '' , Ryan said . 
 `` You hold down the fort , Nogol . 
 Take it easy '' . 
 `` UNK '' , Nogol confirmed . 
 `` I heard a story once about a rookie who got excited when the captain stepped outside and he couldn't get an UNK reading on him . 
 Me , I know the mind of an officer works in a strange and UNK manner '' . 
 `` I'm not worried about you UNK the UNK , Nogol , just about a UNK like you reading them at all . 
 Remember , when the little hand is straight up that's negative . 
 UNK results start when it goes towards the hand you use to make your mark '' . 
 `` But I'm UNK '' . 
 Ryan told him what he could do then . 
 Ekstrohm smiled , and followed the captain through the UNK with only a glance at the UNK gauge on his UNK . 
 The strong negative field his suit set up would help to repel bacteria and insects . 
 Actually , the types of infection that could attack a UNK UNK were not infinite , and over the course of the last few hundred years adequate defenses had been found for all basic categories . 
 He wasn't likely to come down with hot UNK and puzzling striped fever . 
 They ignored the ladder down to the planet surface and , with only a glance at the UNK gauge to judge surface resistance , dropped to the ground . 
 It was day , but in the thin atmosphere contrasts were sharp between light and shadow . 
 They walked from midnight to noon , noon to midnight , and came to the beast sprawled on its side . 
 Ekstrohm UNK it with a boot . 
 `` Hey , this is pretty close to a UNK '' . 
 `` Uh-huh '' , Ryan admitted . 
 `` One of the best matches I've ever found . 
 Well , it has to happen . 
 UNK average and all . 
 Still , it sometimes gives you a UNK feeling to find a rabbit or a snapping turtle on some strange world . 
 It makes you wonder if this exploration business isn't all some big joke , and somebody has been everywhere before you even started '' . 
 The surveyor looked sidewise at the captain . 
 The big man seldom gave out with such thoughts . 
 Ekstrohm cleared his throat . 
 `` What shall we do with this one ? ? 
 UNK it '' ? ? 
 Ryan UNK it with his toe , following UNK example . 
 `` I don't know , Stormy . 
 It sure as hell doesn't look like any dominant intelligent species to me . 
 No hands , for one thing . 
 Of course , that's not definite proof '' . 
 `` No , it isn't '' , Ekstrohm said . 
 `` I think we'd better let it lay until we get a clearer picture of the UNK setup around here . 
 In the meantime , we might be thinking on the problem all these dead UNK represent . 
 What killed them '' ? ? 
 `` It looks like we did , when we made UNK '' . 
 `` But what about our landing was lethal to the creatures '' ? ? 
 `` Radiation '' ? ? 
 Ekstrohm suggested . 
 `` The planet is very low in radiation from mineral deposits , and the atmosphere seems to shield out most of the solar output . 
 Any little dose of radiation might knock off these UNK '' . 
 `` I don't know about that . 
 Maybe it would work the other way . 
 Maybe because they have had virtually no radioactive exposure and don't have any R's stored up , they could take a lot without harm '' . 
 `` Then maybe it was the UNK we set up . 
 Or maybe it's sheer UNK . 
 They UNK up and die at the sight of something strange and alien -- like a UNK '' . 
 `` Maybe '' , the captain admitted . 
 `` At this stage of the game anything could be possible . 
 But there's one possibility I particularly don't like '' . 
 `` And that is '' ? ? 
 `` Suppose it was not us that killed these UNK . 
 Suppose it is something right on the planet , native to it . 
 I just hope it doesn't work on Earthmen too . 
 These UNK went real sudden '' . 
 Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and thought , the camp is quiet . 
 The Earthmen made camp outside the UNK . 
 There was no reason to leave the comfortable quarters inside the ship , except that , faced with a possibility of sleeping on solid ground , they simply had to get out . 
 The camp was a cluster of aluminum bubbles , UNK with a spy web to alert the Earthmen to the approach of any being . 
 Each man had a bubble to himself , privacy after the long period of enforced UNK on board the ship . 
 Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and listened to the sounds of the night on UNK UNK . 
 There was a UNK of wind , and a cracking of the frozen ground . 
 UNK there were on the world , but they were frozen solid during the night , only to revive and thaw in the morning sun . 
 The bunk he lay on was much more uncomfortable than the acceleration UNK on board . 
 Yet he knew the others were sleeping more UNK , now that they had renewed their contact with the matter that had UNK them to send them riding high vacuum . 
 Ekstrohm was not asleep . 
 Now there could be an end to pretending . 
 He threw off the light blanket and swung his feet off the bunk , to the floor . 
 Ekstrohm stood up . 
 There was no longer any need to hide . 
 But what was there to do ? ? 
 What had changed for him ? ? 
 He no longer had to lie in his bunk all night , his eyes closed , pretending to sleep . 
 In privacy he could walk around , leave the light on , read . 
 It was small comfort for UNK . 
 Ekstrohm never slept . 
 Some doctors had informed him he was mistaken about this . 
 Actually , they said , he did sleep , but so shortly and UNK that he forgot . 
 Others admitted he was absolutely correct -- he never slept . 
 His body processes only slowed down enough for him to UNK fatigue UNK . 
 Occasionally he fell into a waking , UNK stupor ; ; 
 but he never slept . 
 Never at all . 
 Naturally , he couldn't let his UNK know this . 
 UNK would ground him from the UNK Service , on physiological if not psychological grounds . 
 He had to hide it . 
 Over the years , he had had buddies in space in whom he thought he could UNK . 
 The buddies invariably took advantage of him . 
 Since he couldn't sleep anyway , he might as well stand their watches for them or write their reports . 
 Where the hell did he get off threatening to report any UNK on their part to the captain ? ? 
 A man with UNK had better avoid bad dreams of that kind if he knew what was good for him . 
 Ekstrohm had to hide his secret . 
 In a camp , instead of UNK , hiding the secret was easier . 
 But the secret itself was just as hard . 
 Ekstrohm picked up a lightweight UNK from the ship's library , a book by UNK , the famous twentieth century expert on sex . 
 He scanned a few lines on the social UNK of a celebrated nineteenth century sex murderer , but he couldn't seem to concentrate on the weighty , UNK , UNK style . 
 On impulse , he UNK up the heat control on his UNK and slid back the hatch of the bubble . 
 Ekstrohm walked through the alien glass and looked up at the unfamiliar constellations , smelling the frozen UNK of the thin air . 
 Behind him , his mates stirred without waking . 
 Ekstrohm was startled in the morning by a banging on the hatch of his bubble . 
 It took him a few seconds to put his thoughts in order , and then he got up from the bunk where he had been resting , UNK . 
 The angry UNK face of Ryan greeted him . 
 `` Okay , Stormy , this isn't the place for fun and games . 
 What did you do with them '' ? ? 
 `` Do with what '' ? ? 
 `` The dead UNK . 
 All the dead animals laying around the ship '' . 
 `` What are you talking about , Ryan ? ? 
 What do you think I did with them '' ? ? 
 `` I don't know . 
 All I know is that they are gone '' . 
 `` Gone '' ? ? 
 Ekstrohm UNK his way outside and scanned the UNK . 
 There was no ring of animal corpses . 
 Nothing . 
 Nothing but UNK grass whipping in the keen breeze . 
 `` I'll be damned '' , Ekstrohm said . 
 `` You are right now , buddy . 
 UNK doesn't like anybody UNK up primary evidence '' . 
 `` Where do you get off , Ryan '' ? ? 
 Ekstrohm demanded . 
 `` Why pick me for your UNK ? ? 
 This has got to be some kind of local phenomenon . 
 Why accuse a UNK of being behind this '' ? ? 
 `` Listen , Ekstrohm , I want to give you the benefit of every doubt . 
 But you aren't exactly the model of a surveyor , you know . 
 You've been riding on a pink ticket for six years , you know that '' . 
 `` No '' , Ekstrohm said , `` No , I didn't know that '' . 
 `` You've been hiding things from me and Nogol every jump we've made with you . 
 Now comes this ! ! 
 It fits the pattern of secrecy and stealth you've been involved in '' . 
 `` What could I do with your lousy dead bodies ? ? 
 What would I want with them '' ? ? 
 `` All I know is that you were outside the bubbles last night , and you were the only UNK being who came in or out of our alarm web . 
 The tapes show that . 
 Now all the bodies are missing , like they got up and walked away '' . 
 It was not a new experience to Ekstrohm . 
 No . 
 UNK wasn't new to him at all . 
 `` Ryan , there are other explanations for the disappearance of the bodies . 
 Look for them , will you ? ? 
 I give you my word I'm not trying to pull some stupid kind of joke , or to deliberately foul up the expedition . 
 Take my word , can't you '' ? ? 
 Ryan shook his head . 
 `` I don't think I can . 
 There's still such a thing as mental illness . 
 You may not be responsible '' . 
 Ekstrohm scowled . 
 `` Don't try anything violent , Stormy . 
 I UNK you fifty pounds and I'm fast for a big man '' . 
 `` I wasn't planning on jumping you . 
 Why do you have to jump me the first time something goes wrong ? ? 
 She lived and was given a name . 
 Helva . 
 For her first three vegetable months she waved her UNK UNK , kicked UNK with her UNK feet and enjoyed the usual routine of the infant . 
 She was not alone for there were three other such children in the big city's special nursery . 
 Soon they all were removed to Central Laboratory School where their delicate transformation began . 
 One of the babies died in the initial UNK but of Helva's `` class '' , seventeen thrived in the metal shells . 
 Instead of kicking feet , Helva's UNK responses started her wheels ; ; 
 instead of grabbing with hands , she UNK mechanical extensions . 
 As she UNK , more and more UNK UNK would be adjusted to operate other mechanisms that went into the maintenance and running of a space ship . 
 For Helva was destined to be the `` brain '' half of a scout ship , UNK with a man or a woman , whichever she chose , as the mobile half . 
 She would be among the elite of her kind . 
 Her initial intelligence tests registered above normal and her adaptation index was unusually high . 
 As long as her development within her shell lived up to expectations , and there were no UNK from the pituitary UNK , Helva would live a rewarding , rich and unusual life , a far cry from what she would have faced as an ordinary , `` normal '' being . 
 However , no diagram of her brain patterns , no early I.Q. tests recorded certain essential facts about Helva that Central must eventually learn . 
 They would have to UNK their official time and see , trusting that the massive doses of UNK would suffice her , too , as the necessary bulwark against her unusual confinement and the pressures of her profession . 
 A ship run by a human brain could not run UNK or insane with the power and resources Central had to build into their scout ships . 
 UNK ships were , of course , long past the experimental stages . 
 Most UNK survived the techniques of pituitary manipulation that kept their bodies small , eliminating the necessity of transfers from smaller to larger shells . 
 And very , very few were lost when the final connection was made to the control panels of ship or industrial combine . 
 Shell people resembled mature UNK in size whatever their UNK UNK were , but the UNK brain would not have changed places with the most perfect body in the Universe . 
 So , for happy years , Helva scooted around in her shell with her classmates , playing such games as UNK , UNK , studying her lessons in UNK , propulsion techniques , computation , logistics , mental UNK , basic alien psychology , UNK , space history , law , traffic , codes : all the et UNK that eventually became compounded into a reasoning , logical , informed citizen . 
 Not so obvious to her , but of more importance to her teachers , Helva ingested the UNK of her conditioning as easily as she absorbed her UNK fluid . 
 She would one day be grateful to the patient UNK of the UNK instruction . 
 Helva's civilization was not without busy , UNK associations , exploring possible UNK to terrestrial as well as UNK citizens . 
 One such group got all UNK over UNK `` children '' when Helva was just turning fourteen . 
 When they were forced to , Central UNK shrugged its shoulders , arranged a tour of the Laboratory Schools and set the tour off to a big start by showing the members case histories , complete with photographs . 
 Very few committees ever looked past the first few photos . 
 Most of their original objections about `` shells '' were UNK by the relief that these hideous ( to them ) bodies were UNK concealed . 
 Helva's class was doing Fine Arts , a selective subject in her crowded program . 
 She had activated one of her microscopic tools which she would later use for minute repairs to various parts of her control panel . 
 Her subject was large -- a copy of the Last Supper -- and her canvas , small -- the head of a tiny screw . 
 She had UNK her sight to the proper degree . 
 As she worked she UNK UNK , producing a curious sound . 
 Shell people used their own vocal UNK and UNK but sound issued through microphones rather than mouths . 
 Helva's hum then had a curious UNK , a warm , UNK quality even in its aimless chromatic UNK . 
 `` Why , what a lovely voice you have '' , said one of the female visitors . 
 Helva `` looked '' up and caught a fascinating panorama of regular , dirty craters on a UNK pink surface . 
 Her hum became a UNK of surprise . 
 She instinctively regulated her `` sight '' until the skin lost its UNK look and the UNK assumed normal proportions . 
 `` Yes , we have quite a few years of voice training , UNK '' , remarked Helva calmly . 
 `` UNK peculiarities often become UNK irritating during prolonged UNK distances and must be eliminated . 
 I enjoyed my lessons '' . 
 Although this was the first time that Helva had seen UNK people , she took this experience calmly . 
 Any other reaction would have been reported instantly . 
 `` I meant that you have a nice singing voice dear '' , the lady amended . 
 `` Thank you . 
 Would you like to see my work '' ? ? 
 Helva asked , politely . 
 She instinctively UNK away from personal discussions but she filed the comment away for further UNK . 
 `` Work '' ? ? 
 Asked the lady . 
 `` I am currently UNK the Last Supper on the head of a screw '' . 
 `` No , I say '' , the lady UNK . 
 Helva turned her vision back to magnification and surveyed her copy critically . 
 `` Of course , some of my color values do not match the old UNK and the perspective is faulty but I believe it to be a fair copy '' . 
 The lady's eyes , UNK , UNK out . 
 `` Oh , I forget '' , and Helva's voice was really UNK . 
 If she could have blushed , she would have . 
 `` You people don't have UNK vision '' . 
 The UNK of this discourse grinned with pride and amusement as Helva's tone indicated pity for the unfortunate . 
 `` Here , this will help '' , suggested Helva , substituting a UNK device in one extension and holding it over the picture . 
 In a kind of shock , the ladies and gentlemen of the committee bent to observe the incredibly UNK and brilliantly executed Last Supper on the head of a screw . 
 `` Well '' , remarked one gentleman who had been forced to accompany his wife , `` the good Lord can eat where angels fear to tread '' . 
 `` Are you referring , sir '' , asked Helva politely , `` to the Dark Age discussions of the number of angels who could stand on the head of a pin '' ? ? 
 `` I had that in mind '' . 
 `` If you substitute ' atom ' for ' angel ' , the problem is not insoluble , given the metallic content of the pin in question '' . 
 `` Which you are UNK to compute '' ? ? 
 `` Of course '' . 
 `` Did they remember to program a sense of humor , as well , young lady '' ? ? 
 `` We are directed to develop a sense of proportion , sir , which contributes the same effect '' . 
 The good man UNK UNK and decided the trip was worth his time . 
 If the investigation committee spent months UNK the thoughtful food served them at the Laboratory School , they left Helva with a UNK as well . 
 `` UNK '' as applicable to herself required research . 
 She had , of course , been exposed to and enjoyed a music appreciation course which had included the better known classical works such as `` UNK UNK UNK '' , `` UNK '' , `` Oklahoma '' , `` UNK de UNK '' , the atomic age singers , Eileen Farrell , UNK UNK and UNK UNK , as well as the curious rhythmic UNK of the UNK , UNK visual UNK and the UNK UNK of the UNK . 
 But `` singing '' for any shell person posed considerable technical difficulties to be overcome . 
 Shell people were UNK to examine every aspect of a problem or situation before making a UNK . 
 UNK properly between optimism and UNK , the UNK attitude of the shell people led them to UNK themselves , their ships and personnel , from bizarre situations . 
 Therefore to Helva , the problem that she couldn't open her mouth to sing , among other restrictions , did not bother her . 
 She would work out a method , UNK her limitations , whereby she could sing . 
 She approached the problem by investigating the methods of sound reproduction through the centuries , human and instrumental . 
 Her own sound production equipment was essentially more instrumental than vocal . 
 UNK control and the proper UNK of vowel sounds within the oral cavity appeared to require the most development and practice . 
 Shell people did not , strictly speaking , breathe . 
 For their purposes , oxygen and other gases were not drawn from the surrounding atmosphere through the medium of lungs but sustained artificially by solution in their shells . 
 After experimentation , Helva discovered that she could manipulate her UNK unit to sustain tone . 
 By relaxing the throat muscles and expanding the oral cavity well into the UNK UNK , she could direct the vowel sounds into the most UNK position for proper reproduction through her throat microphone . 
 She compared the results with tape recordings of modern singers and was not UNK although her own tapes had a peculiar quality about them , not at all UNK , merely unique . 
 UNK a UNK from the Laboratory library was no problem to one trained to perfect recall . 
 She found herself able to sing any role and any song which struck her fancy . 
 It would not have occurred to her that it was curious for a female to sing bass , baritone , tenor , UNK , UNK , soprano and UNK as she pleased . 
 It was , to Helva , only a matter of the correct reproduction and UNK control required by the music attempted . 
 If the authorities remarked on her curious UNK , they did so among themselves . 
 Shell people were encouraged to develop a hobby so long as they maintained UNK in their technical work . 
 On the anniversary of her sixteenth year in her shell , Helva was UNK graduated and installed in her ship , the Aj . 
 Her permanent UNK shell was UNK behind an even more UNK barrier in the central shaft of the scout ship . 
 The UNK , UNK , visual and sensory connections were made and sealed . 
 Her UNK were UNK , connected or augmented and the final , UNK brain UNK were completed while Helva remained UNK unaware of the proceedings . 
 When she awoke , she was the ship . 
 Her brain and intelligence controlled every function from navigation to such loading as a scout ship of her class needed . 
 She could take care of herself and her UNK half , in any situation already recorded in the annals of Central UNK and any situation its most fertile minds could imagine . 
 Her first actual flight , for she and her kind had made mock flights on UNK panels since she was eight , showed her complete mastery of the techniques of her profession . 
 She was ready for her great adventures and the arrival of her mobile partner . 
 There were nine qualified UNK sitting around collecting base pay the day Helva was UNK . 
 There were several missions which demanded instant attention but Helva had been of interest to several department heads in Central for some time and each man was determined to have her assigned to his section . 
 Consequently no one had remembered to introduce Helva to the prospective partners . 
 The ship always chose its own partner . 
 Had there been another `` brain '' ship at the Base at the moment , Helva would have been guided to make the first move . 
 As it was , while Central UNK among itself , Robert UNK sneaked out of the UNK UNK , out to the field and over to Helva's slim metal hull . 
 `` Hello , anyone at home '' ? ? 
 UNK UNK . 
 `` Of course '' , replied Helva logically , UNK her outside UNK . 
 `` Are you my partner '' ? ? 
 She asked hopefully , as she recognized the UNK Service uniform . 
 `` All you have to do is ask '' , he UNK hopefully . 
 `` No one has come . 
 I thought perhaps there were no partners available and I've had no directives from Central '' . 
 Even to herself Helva sounded a little UNK but the truth was she was lonely , sitting on the darkened field . 
 Always she had had the company of other shells and more recently , technicians by the score . 
 The sudden UNK had lost its momentary charm and become oppressive . 
 `` No directives from Central is scarcely a cause for regret , but there happen to be eight other guys biting their UNK to the quick just waiting for an invitation to board you , you beautiful thing '' . 
 It would have killed you in the cabin . 
 Do you have anything for me '' ? ? 
 Mercer stammered , not knowing what B'dikkat meant , and the UNK man answered for him , `` I think he has a nice baby head , but it isn't big enough for you to take yet '' . 
 Mercer never noticed the needle touch his arm . 
 B'dikkat had turned to the next knot of people when the super-condamine hit Mercer . 
 He tried to run after B'dikkat , to UNK the lead UNK , to tell B'dikkat that he loved him . 
 He stumbled and fell , but it did not hurt . 
 The UNK girl lay near him . 
 Mercer spoke to her . 
 `` Isn't it wonderful ? ? 
 You're beautiful , beautiful , beautiful . 
 I'm so happy to be here '' . 
 The woman covered with growing hands came and sat beside them . 
 She radiated warmth and good fellowship . 
 Mercer thought that she looked very distinguished and charming . 
 He struggled out of his clothes . 
 It was foolish and UNK to wear clothing when none of these nice people did . 
 The two women UNK and UNK at him . 
 With one corner of his mind he knew that they were saying nothing , just expressing the UNK of a drug so powerful that the known universe had forbidden it . 
 With most of his mind he was happy . 
 He wondered how anyone could have the good luck to visit a planet as nice as this . 
 He tried to tell the Lady Da , but the words weren't quite straight . 
 A painful UNK hit him in the abdomen . 
 The drug went after the pain and swallowed it . 
 It was like the cap in the hospital , only a thousand times better . 
 The pain was gone , though it had been crippling the first time . 
 He forced himself to be deliberate . 
 He UNK his mind into focus and said to the two ladies who lay UNK nude beside him in the desert , `` That was a good bite . 
 Maybe I will grow another head . 
 That would make B'dikkat happy '' ! ! 
 The Lady Da forced the foremost of her bodies in an upright position . 
 Said she , `` I'm strong , too . 
 I can talk . 
 Remember , man , remember . 
 People never live forever . 
 We can die , too , we can die like real people . 
 I do so believe in death '' ! ! 
 Mercer smiled at her through his happiness . 
 `` Of course you can . 
 But isn't this nice '' 
 With this he felt his lips UNK and his mind go slack . 
 He was wide awake , but he did not feel like doing anything . 
 In that beautiful place , among all those UNK and attractive people , he sat and smiled . 
 B'dikkat was UNK his knives . 
 Mercer wondered how long the super-condamine had lasted him . 
 He endured the UNK of the dromozoa without UNK or movement . 
 The UNK of nerves and UNK of skin were phenomena which happened somewhere near him , but meant nothing . 
 He watched his own body with remote , casual interest . 
 The Lady Da and the UNK woman stayed near him . 
 After a long time the half-man dragged himself over to the group with his powerful arms . 
 Having arrived he blinked UNK and UNK at them , and UNK back into the UNK stupor from which he had emerged . 
 Mercer saw the sun rise on occasion , closed his eyes briefly , and opened them to see stars shining . 
 Time had no meaning . 
 The dromozoa fed him in their mysterious way ; ; 
 the drug canceled out his needs for cycles of the body . 
 At last he noticed a return of the UNK of pain . 
 The pains themselves had not changed ; ; 
 he had . 
 He knew all the events which could take place on Shayol . 
 He remembered them well from his happy period . 
 UNK he had noticed them -- now he felt them . 
 He tried to ask the Lady Da how long they had had the drug , and how much longer they would have to wait before they had it again . 
 She smiled at him with UNK , remote happiness ; ; 
 apparently her many UNK , stretched out along the ground , had a greater capacity for retaining the drug than did his body . 
 She meant him well , but was in no condition for articulate speech . 
 The half-man lay on the ground , arteries UNK UNK behind the UNK film which protected his abdominal cavity . 
 Mercer squeezed the man's shoulder . 
 The half-man woke , recognized Mercer and gave him a UNK sleepy grin . 
 `` ' A good UNK to you , my boy . 
 That's out of a play . 
 Did you ever see a play '' ? ? 
 `` You mean a game with cards '' ? ? 
 `` No '' , said the half-man , `` a sort of UNK with real people doing the figures '' . 
 `` I never saw that '' , said Mercer , `` but I '' -- 
 `` But you want to ask me when B'dikkat is going to come back with the needle '' . 
 `` Yes '' , said Mercer , a little ashamed of his UNK . 
 `` Soon '' , said the half-man . 
 That's why I think of plays . 
 We all know what is going to happen . 
 We all know when it is going to happen . 
 We all know what the UNK will do '' -- he UNK at the UNK in which the UNK men were UNK -- `` and we all know what the new people will ask . 
 But we never know how long a scene is going to take '' . 
 `` What's a ' scene ' '' ? ? 
 Asked Mercer . 
 `` Is that the name for the needle '' ? ? 
 The half-man laughed with something close to real humor . 
 `` No , no , no . 
 You've got the UNK on the brain . 
 A scene is just a part of a play . 
 I mean we know the order in which things happen , but we have no clocks and nobody cares enough to count days or to make calendars and there's not much climate here , so none of us know how long anything takes . 
 The pain seems short and the pleasure seems long . 
 I'm inclined to think that they are about two UNK each '' . 
 Mercer did not know what an `` UNK '' was , since he had not been a UNK man before his conviction , but he got nothing more from the half-man at that time . 
 The half-man received a UNK UNK , turned red in the face , shouted UNK at Mercer , `` Take it out , you fool ! ! 
 Take it out of me '' ! ! 
 When Mercer looked on UNK , the half-man twisted over on his side , his pink dusty back turned to Mercer , and wept hoarsely and quietly to himself . 
 Mercer himself could not tell how long it was before B'dikkat came back . 
 It might have been several days . 
 It might have been several months . 
 Once again B'dikkat moved among them like a father ; ; 
 once again they clustered like children . 
 This time B'dikkat smiled pleasantly at the little head which had grown out of Mercer's thigh -- a sleeping child's head , covered with light hair on top and with UNK eyebrows over the resting eyes . 
 Mercer got the blissful needle . 
 When B'dikkat cut the head from Mercer's thigh , he felt the knife grinding against the UNK which held the head to his own body . 
 He saw the UNK UNK as the head was cut ; ; 
 he felt the far , cool flash of unimportant pain , as B'dikkat UNK the wound with a corrosive antiseptic which stopped all bleeding immediately . 
 The next time it was two legs growing from his chest . 
 Then there had been another head beside his own . 
 Or was that after the torso and legs , waist to UNK , of the little girl which had grown from his side ? ? 
 He forgot the order . 
 He did not count time . 
 Lady Da smiled at him often , but there was no love in this place . 
 She had lost the extra UNK . 
 In between UNK , she was a pretty and UNK woman ; ; 
 but the UNK thing about their relationship was her whisper to him , repeated some thousands of time , repeated with smiles and hope , `` People never live forever '' . 
 She found this immensely comforting , even though Mercer did not make much sense out of it . 
 Thus events occurred , and victims changed in appearance , and new ones arrived . 
 Sometimes B'dikkat took the new ones , resting in the everlasting sleep of their UNK brains , in a UNK to be added to other herds . 
 The bodies in the truck UNK and UNK without human speech when the dromozoa struck them . 
 Finally , Mercer did manage to follow B'dikkat to the door of the cabin . 
 He had to fight the bliss of super-condamine to do it . 
 Only the memory of previous hurt , UNK and UNK made him sure that if he did not ask B'dikkat when he , Mercer , was happy , the answer would no longer be available when he needed it . 
 Fighting pleasure itself , he begged B'dikkat to check the records and to tell him how long he had been there . 
 B'dikkat grudgingly agreed , but he did not come out of the doorway . 
 He spoke through the public address box built into the cabin , and his gigantic voice roared out over the empty plain , so that the pink herd of talking people stirred gently in their happiness and wondered what their friend B'dikkat might be wanting to tell them . 
 When he said it , they thought it exceedingly profound , though none of them understood it , since it was simply the amount of time that Mercer had been on Shayol : 
 `` Standard years -- UNK years , seven months , three days , two hours , eleven and one half minutes . 
 Good luck , fellow '' . 
 Mercer turned away . 
 The secret little corner of his mind , which stayed sane through happiness and pain , made him wonder about B'dikkat . 
 What persuaded the UNK to remain on Shayol ? ? 
 What kept him happy without super-condamine ? ? 
 Was B'dikkat a crazy slave to his own duty or was he a man who had hopes of going back to his own planet some day , surrounded by a family of little UNK UNK himself ? ? 
 Mercer , despite his happiness , wept a little at the strange fate of B'dikkat . 
 His own fate he accepted . 
 He remembered the last time he had eaten -- actual eggs from an actual pan . 
 The dromozoa kept him alive , but he did not know how they did it . 
 He staggered back to the group . 
 The Lady Da , naked in the dusty plain , waved a hospitable hand and showed that there was a place for him to sit beside her . 
 There were UNK square miles of seating space around them , but he appreciated the UNK of her gesture none the less . 
 4 , 
 The years , if they were years , went by . 
 The land of Shayol did not change . 
 Sometimes the UNK sound of UNK came faintly across the plain to the herd of men ; ; 
 those who could talk declared it to be the breathing of Captain UNK . 
 There was night and day , but no setting of crops , no change of season , no generations of men . 
 Time stood still for these people , and their load of pleasure was so UNK with the shocks and pains of the dromozoa that the words of the Lady Da took on very remote meaning . 
 `` People never live forever '' . 
 Her statement was a hope , not a truth in which they could believe . 
 They did not have the wit to follow the stars in their courses , to exchange names with each other , to harvest the experience of each for the wisdom of all . 
 There was no dream of escape for these people . 
 Though they saw the UNK chemical rockets lift up from the field beyond UNK cabin , they did not make plans to hide among the frozen crop of transmuted flesh . 
 Far long ago , some other prisoner than one of these had tried to write a letter . 
 His handwriting was on a rock . 
 Mercer read it , and so had a few of the others , but they could not tell which man had done it . 
