 Nor did they care . 
 The letter , scraped on stone , had been a message home . 
 They could still read the opening : `` Once , I was like you , stepping out of my window at the end of day , and letting the winds blow me gently toward the place I lived in . 
 Once , like you , I had one head , two hands , ten fingers on my hands . 
 The front part of my head was called a face , and I could talk with it . 
 Now I can only write , and that only when I get out of pain . 
 Dan Morgan told himself he would forget Ann Turner . 
 He was well rid of her . 
 He certainly didn't want a wife who was UNK as Ann . 
 If he had married her , he'd have been asking for trouble . 
 But all of this was UNK . 
 Sometimes he woke up in the middle of the night thinking of Ann , and then could not get back to sleep . 
 His plans and dreams had revolved around her so much and for so long that now he felt as if he had nothing . 
 The easiest thing would be to sell out to Al Budd and leave the country , but there was a stubborn streak in him that wouldn't allow it . 
 The best UNK for the bitterness and disappointment that poisoned him was hard work . 
 He found that if he was tired enough at night , he went to sleep simply because he was too exhausted to stay awake . 
 Each day he found himself thinking less often of Ann ; ; 
 each day the hurt was a little UNK , a little less poignant . 
 He had plenty of work to do . 
 Because the summer was unusually dry and hot , the spring produced a smaller stream than in ordinary years . 
 The grass in the meadows came fast , now that the warm weather was here . 
 He could not afford to lose a drop of the precious water , so he spent most of his waking hours along the UNK in his meadows . 
 He had no idea how much time Budd would give him . 
 In any case , he had no intention of being caught asleep , so he carried his revolver in its holster on his hip and he took his Winchester with him and leaned it against the fence . 
 He stopped every few minutes and leaned on his shovel as he studied the horizon , but nothing happened , each day dragging out with monotonous calm . 
 When , in late afternoon on the last day in June , he saw two people top the ridge to the south and walk toward the house , he quit work immediately and strode to his rifle . 
 It could be some kind of trick Budd had thought up . 
 No one walked in this country , least of all Ed Dow or Dutch UNK or any of the rest of the Bar B crew . 
 Morgan watched the two figures for a time , puzzled . 
 When they were closer and he saw that one was a woman , he was more puzzled than ever . 
 He cleaned his shovel , left it against the fence , picked up his Winchester , and started downstream . 
 His visitors had crawled through the south fence and were crossing the meadow , UNK toward the house . 
 Now he saw that both the man and woman were moving slowly and irregularly , staggering , as if they found it a struggle to remain on their feet . 
 Reaching the house ahead of them , he waited with his Winchester in his hands . 
 They crawled through the north fence and came on toward him , and now he saw that both were young , not more than nineteen or twenty . 
 They were dirty , their clothes were torn , and the girl was so exhausted that she fell when she was still twenty feet from the front door . 
 She lay there , making no effort to get back on her feet . 
 The boy came on to the porch and sat down , his gaze on Morgan as if half expecting him to shoot and not really caring . 
 Morgan hesitated , thinking that if this was a trick , it was a good one . 
 He didn't think it was possible for this couple to be pretending . 
 The boy licked his dry lips . 
 He asked , `` Could we have a drink '' ? ? 
 Morgan jerked his head toward the front door . 
 `` In the kitchen '' , he said . 
 UNK his Winchester against the front of the house , he walked to the girl . 
 `` Get up . 
 There's water in the house '' . 
 She didn't move or say anything . 
 Her eyes were glazed as if she didn't hear or even see him . 
 She had reached a point at which she didn't even care how she looked . 
 Her face was very thin , and burned by the sun until much of the skin was dead and peeling , the new skin under it red and angry . 
 Her blond hair was UNK , her dress torn in several places , and her shoes were so completely worn out that they were practically no protection . 
 It must have hurt her even to walk , for the sole was completely off her left foot and Morgan saw that it was bruised and bleeding . 
 He picked her up , sliding one hand under her shoulders , the other under her knees , and carried her into the house . 
 She was UNK light , and so relaxed in his arms that he wasn't even sure she was conscious . 
 Any lingering suspicion that this was a trick Al Budd had thought up was dispelled . 
 No girl would go this far to fool a man so she could kill him . 
 Besides , she had a sweet face that attracted him . 
 He put her down on the couch , and going into the kitchen , saw that the boy had dropped into a chair beside the table . 
 They looked a good deal alike , Morgan thought . 
 Both had blonde hair and blue eyes , and there was even a faint similarity of features . 
 Morgan filled the dipper from the water bucket on the shelf , went back into the front room , lifted the girl's head , and held the edge of the dipper to her mouth . 
 She drank UNK , and murmured , `` Thank you '' , as he lowered her head . 
 He stood looking down at her for a moment , wondering what could have reduced her to this condition . 
 He had seen a few UNK wagons go through the country , the families almost starving to death , but he had never seen any of them on foot and as bad off as these two . 
 The girl dropped off to sleep . 
 Morgan returned to the kitchen , built a fire , and carried in several UNK of water from the spring which he poured into the copper UNK that he had placed on the stove . 
 He brought his Winchester in from the front of the house , then faced the boy . 
 `` Who are you and what happened to you '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 `` I'm Billy Jones '' , the boy answered . 
 `` That's my wife UNK . 
 We ran out of money and we haven't eaten for two days '' . 
 `` What are you doing here '' ? ? 
 `` Are we in Wyoming '' ? ? 
 Morgan nodded . 
 `` About five miles north of the line '' . 
 Jones sighed as if relieved . 
 `` We've been looking for work , but all the ranchers have turned us down '' . 
 `` You mean you dragged your wife all over UNK UNK looking for work '' ? ? 
 Morgan demanded . 
 `` The town of UNK only about six miles from here . 
 Why didn't you go there '' ? ? 
 `` We didn't want town work '' , Jones said . 
 `` This is a mighty empty country '' , Morgan said . 
 `` There's only one more ranch three miles north of here . 
 You'd have UNK to death if you'd missed both places '' . 
 `` Then we're lucky we got here . 
 Could you give us a job , Mr. '' 
 `` Morgan . 
 Dan Morgan '' . 
 He was silent a moment , thinking he could use a man this time of year , and if the girl could cook , it would give him more time in the meadows , but he knew nothing about the couple . 
 They might kill him in his sleep , thinking there was money in the house . 
 He dismissed the possibility at once . 
 The girl's thin face haunted him . 
 It wasn't the face of a killer . 
 He wasn't so sure about the boy . 
 He hadn't shaved for several weeks , his sparse beard giving his face a pathetic , UNK expression . 
 There was more to this than Jones had told him . 
 They were running from something . 
 He'd be an UNK to let them stay he thought , but he couldn't send them on , either . 
 `` I could use some help '' , Morgan said finally , `` but I can't afford to pay you anything . 
 I guess you'd better go on in the morning '' . 
 `` We'll work for our keep '' , the boy said eagerly . 
 `` I've been UNK in a mine in the San Juan , but I used to work on a ranch . 
 UNK , she's cooked in a restaurant . 
 We'll work hard , Mr. Morgan '' . 
 `` I'll see '' , Morgan said . 
 `` Right now you need a meal and a bath . 
 Your wife's in terrible shape '' . 
 `` I know '' , Jones said UNK . 
 Morgan filled the fire box with wood again , then started supper and set the table . 
 When the meal was ready , he told Jones to wash up , and going into the front room , woke the girl . 
 He said , `` I've got some supper ready '' . 
 She rubbed her eyes and stretched , then sat up , her hands going to her hair . 
 `` I'm a mess '' , she said , and suddenly she was alarmed . 
 `` Who are you ? ? 
 How did we get here '' ? ? 
 `` I'm Dan Morgan . 
 This is the UNK Aj . 
 You fell down in front of the house , and I carried you in . 
 I gave you a drink and then you went to sleep '' . 
 `` Oh '' . 
 She stared at him , her eyes wide as she thought about what he had said ; ; 
 then she murmured : `` You're very kind , Mr. Morgan . 
 Do you take in all the strays who come by '' ? ? 
 `` I don't have many strays coming to my front door '' , he said . 
 `` Think you can walk to the table '' ? ? 
 `` Of course '' . 
 She got to her feet , staggered , and almost fell . 
 He caught her by an arm and helped her into the kitchen . 
 She sat down at the table , shaking her head . 
 `` I'm sorry , Mr. Morgan . 
 I'm usually a very strong woman , but I'm awfully tired '' . 
 `` And hungry '' , he said . 
 `` Start in . 
 It's not much of a meal , but it's what I eat '' . 
 `` Not much of a meal '' ? ? 
 The girl cried . 
 `` Mr. Morgan , it's the UNK food I ever saw '' . 
 He told himself he had never seen two people eat so much . 
 When they were finally satisfied , Jones said , `` I think he's going to give us work '' . 
 The grateful way she looked at Morgan made him ashamed of himself . 
 When he saw the expression in her eyes , he knew he couldn't send them on . 
 She said , `` I guess the Lord looks out for fools , UNK , and UNK '' . 
 Morgan laughed . 
 `` Which are you '' ? ? 
 `` We're not UNK '' , she said . 
 `` That's all I'm sure of '' . 
 She helped him with the dishes , then he brought more water in from the spring before it got dark . 
 He carried the tub from the back of the house where it hung from a nail in the wall . 
 He said : `` You'll feel a lot better after you have a bath . 
 Your feet are in bad shape , Mrs. Jones . 
 You'll have to go to town to see the UNK '' . 
 `` No , she'll be all right '' , Jones said quickly . 
 `` I mean , we don't have any way to get there and we can't expect you to quit work just to take us to town '' . 
 `` We'll see '' , Morgan said . 
 `` Could you find me a needle and thread '' ? ? 
 The girl asked . 
 `` My dress needs some work on it '' . 
 He nodded and , going into the bedroom , brought a needle , thread , and UNK . 
 He said : `` I'm going to bed '' . 
 He nodded at the door in front of him . 
 `` That's my spare bedroom . 
 The bed isn't made , but you'll find plenty of blankets there '' . 
 `` You're awfully kind '' , the girl said . 
 `` We'll pay you back if you'll let us . 
 Some way '' . 
 `` It's all right '' , he said . 
 `` I get up early . 
 You'd better sleep '' . 
 Jones followed him into the front room , closing the door behind him . 
 He said : `` If it's all right with you , Mr. Morgan , I'll sleep out here on the couch . 
 We haven't slept together since we started . 
 I just can't take any chances on getting her pregnant , and if we were sleeping together '' 
 He stopped , embarrassed , and Morgan said , `` I understand that , but I don't UNK why you'd go off and leave your jobs in the first place '' . 
 `` We got fired '' , Jones said . 
 `` We had to do something '' . 
 They were a pair of lost , whipped kids , Morgan thought as he went to bed . 
 Gavin paused wearily . 
 `` You can't stay here with me . 
 It's late and you said they'd be here by dawn '' . 
 `` You can't make me go '' . 
 Gavin sank down again into his chair and began to rock . 
 He was thinking of UNK and how he had left him there , to rock to death on the porch of the UNK . 
 It was the only thing in his life for which he felt guilt . 
 Beneath his black shirt his frail shoulders shook and UNK of pain broke from his throat , the stored pain shattering free in slow gasps , terrible to see . 
 Clayton tried to call back the face of the man he had known . 
 Against that other man he could rally his anger ; ; 
 against this bent man in the chair he was UNK . 
 Gavin's lips moved so that Clayton had to stoop to catch the words . 
 `` Do you remember Big Charlie '' ? ? 
 He whispered . 
 `` He stuck with me all these years . 
 Just a half-breed UNK , never said much , never meant UNK to me , but he stuck with me . 
 He got into a fight with Tom English , your brother's son . 
 It was a fair fight , the boy provoked it -- Big Charlie told me so . 
 I believed him . 
 They killed Big Charlie , dumped his body in my rose garden two nights ago . 
 My men , they all left me . 
 Just cleared out . 
 I didn't understand why , Clay . 
 They just all cleared out . 
 I treated them fair '' 
 He wiped his lips with a sleeve , then stared at Clayton in a childish kind of wonder . 
 `` Do you mean '' -- he asked almost shyly -- `` you want me to go with you , wherever you're goin '' ? ? 
 `` Yes '' . 
 `` You don't hate me any more '' ? ? 
 Clayton choked , shook his head , murmuring , `` No '' . 
 `` Come here '' . 
 The old man beckoned with one finger and Clayton went forward to him . 
 Gavin slipped his arms around his chest and UNK him fiercely . 
 `` All my life '' , he said , `` I tried . 
 I tried . 
 I saw you UNK away -- but I tried . 
 And you wanted no part of me when I had so much to give . 
 Now there's UNK left of me . 
 UNK is gone , my men are gone , Ed is dead -- and you come to me , to help me . 
 Oh ! ! 
 God in Heaven , I can't refuse you now . 
 That would mock me too much ! ! 
 Can't let you go way from me again '' He closed his eyes , ashamed of his tears . 
 `` I'll go , Clay '' . 
 Clayton freed himself from the embrace and stepped back . 
 The eyes followed him fearfully . 
 `` The horses . 
 There isn't much time . 
 I'll saddle the horses and bring them round . 
 You get ready '' 
 He burst from the hot confinement of the room into the cold night air . 
 Gavin's UNK was in the barn and he tightened the UNK over the saddle blanket , working by touch in the darkness , comforting the animal with easy words . 
 When he had finished he led him and the mare to the porch . 
 The UNK had smelled the mare coming into heat and began to UNK the UNK , shaking his head . 
 Clayton UNK the reins in a knot over the veranda post and patted the warm flesh of his neck . 
 The mare had backed away . 
 `` You take it easy , boy '' , Clayton whispered . 
 `` She doesn't want you now . 
 You take it easy , your time will come '' . 
 Gavin stood on the porch , a thin figure . 
 He had taken a carbine down from the wall and it trailed from his hand , the stock UNK on the wood floor . 
 Clayton called to him and he came slowly down the steps . 
 `` Clay '' , he said , `` where are we goin '' ? ? 
 `` To a ranch in the valley . 
 There's someone there I have to see . 
 We may take her with us -- to California . 
 I don't know yet , it's crazy ; ; 
 I have to think about it . 
 But California is where we're goin '' . 
 `` California '' . 
 Gavin began to nod . 
 `` That's a new land . 
 A man could make a mark there . 
 Two men , together like us , we could do UNK fine out there , maybe find a place where no one's ever been . 
 Start out fresh , the two of us , like UNK had ever happened '' . 
 `` Yes , like a father and son '' . 
 `` I made you what you are '' , Gavin whispered . 
 `` I made you so you could stand up . 
 I made you a man '' . 
 `` Yes , Gavin , you did '' . 
 He approached the horse and laid a hand on the UNK quivering neck . 
 `` Help me up , Clay . 
 Help me up , I feel kind of stiff '' . 
 Clayton lifted him gently into the saddle , like a child . 
 `` I hate to leave my garden '' , Gavin said . 
 `` They'll UNK it down . 
 I loved my garden '' . 
 `` It will grow again -- in California '' . 
 `` I loved this valley '' , he whispered UNK . 
 `` UNK alone here for three years , before any man came . 
 UNK alone by the river . 
 It was nice then , so peaceful and quiet . 
 There was no one but me . 
 I don't want to leave it '' . 
 Clayton swung into the saddle and UNK the UNK UNK . 
 The two horses broke from the yard , from the circle of light cast by the lamp still burning in the house , into the darkness . 
 Thirty-five 
 they rode at a measured pace through the valley . 
 UNK would come soon and the night was at its coldest . 
 The moon had sunk below the black crest of the mountains and the land , seen through eyes that had grown accustomed to the absence of light , looked primeval , as if no man had ever UNK before . 
 It looked as Gavin had first seen it years ago , on those nights when he slept alone by his UNK and UNK suddenly to the UNK of an UNK or the rustle of a blade of grass in the UNK wind -- a savage land , UNK and brooding , too strong to be broken by the will of men . 
 Gavin sighed bitterly . 
 In that inert landscape the UNK of his desires passed before his mind . 
 He saw them UNK , strewn in the UNK of the broken and the dying . 
 In vain his mind groped to UNK the bones of the relationships he had sought so desperately , but they would not come to life . 
 The silence oppressed him , made him bend low over the horse's neck as if to hide from a wind that had begun to blow far away and was twisting slowly through the darkness in its slow search . 
 They passed UNK that were framed dark gray against the black hills . 
 Then at last the darkness began to dissolve . 
 A bold line of UNK broke loose from the high ridge of the mountains , followed by feathers of red that swept the last stars from the sky . 
 The UNK light spread over the ground and the valley revealed in the first UNK the contours of trees and fences and UNK UNK UNK . 
 They had been seen as soon as they left the ranch , picked out of the darkness by the weary though UNK eyes of two men posted a few hundred yards away in the UNK shelter of the trees . 
 The two men whipped their horses into town and flung themselves up the steps of the saloon , crying their intelligence . 
 The men in UNK were tired from a night's drinking , their faces red and baggy . 
 But the liquor had flushed their courage . 
 They greeted the news angrily , as though they had been cheated of purpose . 
 Lester heard their muttering , saw their eyes reveal their desire . 
 He worked his tongue round and round in the hollow of his cheek and his voice came out of his throat , dry and cracked . 
 `` He's UNK . 
 That's what you wanted , isn't it ? ? 
 Clayton is with him , UNK him out of the valley . 
 You can't '' -- 
 `` Keep out of this '' , Purvis snarled . 
 `` He's not your brother , he's Gavin's son . 
 You see , he lied to us when he said he was UNK alone '' . 
 Joe Purvis was thinking back many years . 
 First he thought of the time he had ridden to Gavin and told him how his cattle were being UNK at the far end of the valley . 
 He remembered Gavin's UNK , his own UNK feeling , his UNK . 
 Then he thought of a time when UNK horse had fallen UNK in the Gap . 
 His wife had said to him : `` Nellie is in love with Clayton Roy . 
 He wouldn't even dance with her at Gavin's party . 
 He treats her like she was dirt . 
 And you stand by like a fool and let him do it '' 
 He remembered UNK mocking smile in the saloon when he had asked him what he would do if they brought their cattle to water . 
 It was the night Clayton had UNK them in the poker game . 
 `` You're Gavin's son '' , Joe Purvis had said . 
 He turned to Lester . 
 `` You brought him back to this valley UNK he would help you find your boy . 
 He meant to help Gavin all the time . 
 He made a fool of you , Lester '' . 
 He swung round to the other men -- `` We can catch him easy ! ! 
 There are plenty of fresh horses halfway at my place . 
 If we let them go , they won't stay away , they'll find men to ride with them and they'll be back . 
 There's only one way they can get out now and that's through the Gap -- if we ride hard we can take them '' . 
 UNK hand UNK to UNK shoulder . 
 The boy jerked away . 
 `` He killed Tom -- do you understand that '' ? ? 
 UNK turned back to the men and he was drunk with the thing they would do , wild to break from the UNK warmth of the saloon into the cold of the UNK night . 
 He fled through the door and down the steps , running , and the men grunted and followed , pushing Lester to one side where he backed against the wall with the sleeve of his jacket raised before his eyes to shut out the light . 
 Purvis and UNK UNK were the last to leave . 
 They mounted up and rode slowly behind the others at a safe distance . 
 UNK 
 in the cold dawn the mist swirled low to the ground , then rose with a UNK of sudden wind to leave the valley clear . 
 The clouds parted and hard UNK of sunlight swooped down to stain the earth with streaks of white and gold light so that the shadows of the running horses flowed like dark streams over the dazzling snow . 
 When they turned in the saddle they could see the men behind them , strung out on the prairie in a flat black line . 
 The wind of their running was cold and wild , the horses were UNK and their UNK UNK like stiff black UNK in the wind . 
 The mare began to tire and Clayton felt the spray of snow from the hoofs of Gavin's UNK . 
 He looked over his shoulder at the thin UNK of UNK . 
 They neither gained nor fell back . 
 He rode low on the UNK neck . 
 UNK of him Gavin turned slightly off the trail and pointed for the Gap , no more than a mile away . 
 Gavin's face was UNK with excitement . 
 He did not look back ; ; 
 he could feel more than hear the staccato beat of hoofs that fanned out across the prairie to the north . 
 He knew who was riding after him -- the men he had known all his life , the men who had worked for him , sworn their loyalty to him . 
 Now they were riding to kill him . 
 And he was fleeing , running -- fleeing his death and his life at the same time . 
 The land over which he sped was the land he had created and lived in : his valley . 
 With every UNK stride of the horse beneath him he crossed one more patch of earth that had been his , that he would never see again . 
 The Gap looming before him -- the place where had confronted Jack English on that day so many years ago -- was his exit from all that had meaning to him . 
 California is too far , he thought . 
 He would never reach California . 
 He was too old -- when he passed up and through the corridor of UNK that lined the trail he could see ahead , he was passing from life . 
 The sentry was not dead . 
 He was , in fact , showing signs of UNK . 
 He had been carrying an UNK rifle and a UNK navy UNK pistol . 
 A bayonet hung in a belt scabbard . 
 He was partially uniformed in a cavalry UNK and hat . 
 Mike stripped these from him and UNK them . 
 He and Dean tied and UNK the man , using his belt and shirt for the purpose . 
 They dragged him inside the building . 
 Fiske joined them , UNK on his feet . 
 Julia , seeing the bandage , rushed to him . 
 `` You are hurt '' ! ! 
 She breathed . 
 `` I never felt better in my life '' , Fiske UNK . 
 He turned to Susan and kissed her on the cheek . 
 `` Thank you , My dear '' , he said . 
 `` You are very brave '' . 
 Mike silenced them . 
 `` We'll talk later . 
 First , we've got to get out of here '' . 
 `` We'll grab horses '' , Dean said . 
 `` The main bunch is outside , but there are some over there inside the wall '' . 
 Mike debated it , trying to decide whether Fiske was strong enough to ride . 
 But it at least offered him a chance for living . 
 He had none here . 
 And , for the sake of Julia and Susan , it had to be tried . 
 The guerrilla bivouac remained silent . 
 Light showed in the orderly room across the parade ground . 
 Someone evidently was on duty there . 
 No doubt there would be men guarding the horses . 
 About a dozen animals were held inside the stockade , as best Mike could make out in the moonlight . 
 UNK this was a precaution so that mounts would be available in an emergency . 
 He handed the guard's rifle to Fiske . 
 `` Dean and myself will try to cut out horses to ride '' , he said . 
 `` We'll stampede the rest . 
 You stay with the ladies . 
 All of you be ready to ride hell for leather '' . 
 He added , `` If this doesn't work out , the three of you UNK yourself in the house and talk terms with them '' . 
 He handed the bayonet to Dean and kept the pistol . 
 Susan halted Dean and kissed him . 
 She clung to him , talking to him , and UNK at her eyes . 
 Mike turned away . 
 He was thinking that the way she had responded to his own kiss hadn't meant what he had believed it had . 
 He felt UNK weary . 
 Dean turned from Susan and took Julia UNK in his arms . 
 He kissed her also , and with deep tenderness . 
 She too began to weep . 
 He released her and joined Mike . 
 `` All right '' , he said . 
 Mike only said , `` Later '' . 
 `` Be careful , UNK '' ! ! 
 Susan said fiercely . 
 `` The way you were careful '' ? ? 
 He snorted . 
 `` Running around in the moonlight almost naked and UNK a man with a rock '' ? ? 
 He kept going . 
 He wanted no more sentimental scenes with her . 
 He might say or do something foolish . 
 Something all of them would regret . 
 He might tell her how sorry a spectacle she was making of herself , pretending to be blind to the way Julia UNK had taken UNK affections from her . 
 And using him , Mike UNK , as a UNK to her pride . 
 He handed the bayonet to Dean and kept the pistol . 
 `` Stay well back of me '' , he said . 
 `` I'm going to walk up to the horses , bold as brass , pretending I'm one of the guerrillas . 
 There's bound to be someone on guard , but the hat might fool them long enough for me to get close '' . 
 UNK the pistol concealed , he walked to the rear wall of the stockade . 
 It was pierced by a wagon gate built of two wings . 
 One wing stood open . 
 Mike passed through it and moved toward the dark mass of horses . 
 They were UNK , army style , on stable lines . 
 A voice spoke UNK . 
 `` Who's that '' ? ? 
 Just me '' , Mike said . 
 `` Is that you , Bill '' ? ? 
 He located his man . 
 The guard stood in the shadow of the stockade wall just out of reach of the moonlight . 
 Mike kept walking and got within UNK reach before the man became suspicious and straightened from his UNK UNK . 
 Mike struck with the muzzle of the pistol . 
 But the luck that had been running their way left him . 
 The guard instinctively UNK the blow with his rifle . 
 He tried to UNK the rifle around to fire into Mike's body . 
 Mike , off balance , managed to bat the muzzle away a moment before it exploded . 
 The bullet went wide . 
 Mike swung the pistol in a savage UNK . 
 This time it connected solidly on the man's temple , UNK him . 
 The explosion of the rifle had crashed against the walls of the stockade and the deep echoes were still rolling in the hills . 
 The startled horses began UNK on their UNK . 
 Dean came rushing up . 
 `` Are you hit '' ? ? 
 He demanded . 
 `` No , but the UNK in the fire '' ! ! 
 Mike said . 
 `` There's no chance now of all of us getting away . 
 You'll have to try it alone '' . 
 The UNK saddled horse stood UNK nearby , having been kept handy in case of need . 
 Mike took the bayonet from UNK hand and slashed the picket line . 
 `` Up you go '' ! ! 
 He said . 
 `` Ride '' ! ! 
 Dean resisted Mike's attempt to push him toward the horse . 
 `` Why not you '' ? ? 
 He protested . 
 `` Dammit '' ! ! 
 Mike said frantically . 
 `` You're lighter than me . 
 It's our only chance now . 
 Try to find these UNK . 
 The rest of us can fort up in the house and hang on until you get back . 
 You're the one that's taking the big chance '' . 
 Dean still hesitated , but Mike lifted him almost bodily into the saddle and thrust the reins in his hand . 
 `` No telling how good this horse is '' , Mike UNK . 
 `` UNK him and save something in case you hit trouble . 
 Watch out for Apaches when it comes daylight . 
 Take the pistol . 
 You might need it . 
 We'll still have the rifle , and I might be able to round up some more . 
 I'll stampede the rest of these horses so they can't chase you '' . 
 Dean leaned from the saddle and gave him a mighty UNK on the back . 
 `` UNK '' , he said as he kicked the horse into motion , `` I'd be a mighty sad man if we never met again '' . 
 Then he was on his way at a gallop . 
 Mike ran down the line , slashing picket ropes with the bayonet . 
 He lifted a screeching war UNK . 
 That touched off a total stampede . 
 He darted inside the stockade and freed the horses there . 
 These poured through the gate and joined the flight . 
 The animals UNK away into the moonlight , heading for the ridges . 
 The guerrillas were UNK from their bivouac at the west end of the enclosure . 
 `` Apaches '' ! ! 
 Mike yelled . 
 `` They're UNK the stock '' ! ! 
 He UNK in shadow along the east wall of the stockade and then followed the south wall until he was at the rear of the two frame buildings . 
 He crouched there . 
 His shout had been taken up and repeated . 
 The guerrillas were running across the parade ground and through the rear gate in the wake of the departing horses . 
 All were carrying guns they had seized up , but they were UNK or hardly clad at all . 
 UNK and Calhoun came running from the post . 
 They had pistols in their hands . 
 They UNK questions that were not answered in the UNK . 
 They followed the others toward the east gate . 
 Beyond the stockade rifles began to explode as some of the guerrillas fired at shadows that they imagined were Apaches . 
 Mike made a dash to the rear of the frame buildings . 
 He crawled beneath the two supply wagons which stood between the buildings and peered around a corner . 
 The area was deserted . 
 A man was standing in the open door of the lighted orderly room a few yards to Mike's left , but he , too , suddenly made up his mind and went racing to join the confused activity at the east end of the stockade . 
 Mike crawled to the door and peered in . 
 The orderly room seemed to be deserted . 
 A lantern hung from a UNK , giving light . 
 UNK inside , he found that three rifles were stacked in a corner . 
 A brace of pistols , UNK on belts , hung from a UNK , along with ammunition UNK . 
 An ammunition case stood open , containing UNK which contained powder cartridges . 
 Mike seized a blanket from a UNK in a corner , spread it on the floor and used it to form a bag in which he placed his UNK . 
 UNK the load he peered from the door . 
 His UNK of the orderly room had taken only a minute or two and the vicinity was still clear of guerrillas . 
 He looked at the looming UNK of the supply wagons , struck by a new inspiration . 
 He set his bundle down . 
 UNK the lantern from its UNK , he shattered its globe with a blow against a post . 
 He picked up the powder UNK and ran out . 
 UNK paper cartridges , he scattered powder beneath the nearest wagon and dumped the contents of the UNK upon it . 
 He UNK the blanket again , backed off , and tossed the lantern with its open UNK beneath the wagon . 
 He turned and raced across the parade ground toward the rock house . 
 UNK flame gushed beneath the wagon . 
 The stockade was brilliantly lighted and the guerrillas sighted him . 
 They realized the truth . 
 UNK began to snap past him . 
 One struck the muzzle of one of the rifles that projected from the shoulder pack . 
 Its force spun him around , but he recovered and got into stride again . 
 A bullet tore the earth from beneath his foot when he was a stride or two from safety . 
 Another struck him heavily in the thigh and he went down . 
 UNK were racing toward him . 
 Susan and Julia came from the door and dragged him with them . 
 The three of them UNK through the door into the interior and fell in a heap . 
 Susan bounced to her feet and slammed the door . 
 She crouched aside as bullets beat at the UNK , chewing into the planks . 
 Some tore entirely through the UNK post oak . 
 The iron hinges held , but the planks were in danger of being torn from the UNK . 
 Mike rolled to Susan , grasped her around the knees , dragging her off her feet . 
 He UNK over her to shield her , for spent bullets were UNK against the rear walls . 
 He peered from a UNK . 
 UNK were only a dozen yards away , charging the house . 
 Mike snatched a pistol from the heap of scattered UNK and fired . 
 He dropped a man with the first bullet . 
 At the same moment Wheeler Fiske fired the rifle Mike had given him and another guerrilla was hit . 
 That halted the rush . 
 The guerrillas scattered for cover . 
 The wagons were burning fiercely . 
 The UNK had caught fire also . 
 The blaze was spreading to the frame buildings . 
 The guerrillas realized they faced a new problem . 
 `` UNK '' ! ! 
 One screeched . 
 `` There goes our UNK an' ammunition '' ! ! 
 `` Get a bucket line going '' ! ! 
 Calhoun shouted . 
 `` Hurry ! ! 
 Hurry '' ! ! 
 The guerrillas began a frantic search for pails in which to bring water from the spring . 
 But what few containers they found were inadequate . 
 Many of them , in increasing panic , came running with water in their hats in a UNK effort . 
 Both buildings were in flames . 
 The heat drove the guerrillas back . 
 The roof of the command post began to buckle . 
 `` UNK the wagons to the spring '' ! ! 
 Lew UNK yelled . 
 `` Run 'em right into the spring ! ! 
 UNK '' ! ! 
 One of the wagons erupted a massive UNK of flame . 
 A sizable supply of powder had been touched off . 
 The wagons and the coach were beyond saving and so were the buildings . 
 The glow of the fire reached through the openings in the windows , giving light enough to examine Mike's wound . 
 The bullet had torn through the flesh just above the knee , UNK an ugly UNK that was forming a pool of blood on the floor . 
 But it had missed the bone and had passed on through . 
 Susan and Julia ripped strips from their clothing and bound the injury . 
 Mike tested the leg and found that he was able to UNK around on it . 
 `` So it wasn't the earthquake that made him return to his village '' ! ! 
 `` No . 
 Now UNK , I don't want to go into any more explanations . 
 Here comes Jason . 
 Keep this to yourself '' . 
 Reverend Jason , looking worried , hurried toward us . 
 `` Anything wrong , UNK ? ? 
 The men seem to think so '' . 
 `` UNK found a large war party south of us . 
 They'll probably attack at dawn '' , Montero said . 
 He brushed past the clergyman and walked into the center of the camp . 
 Using his hands as a trumpet he shouted , `` Fort up ! ! 
 Fort up ! ! 
 There's a large war party on their way '' ! ! 
 For a second , engages , cooks , voyageurs appeared struck dumb . 
 Then Little Billy began shouting orders to round up the ponies and fill the water UNK and for the cooks to hurry up with the meal . 
 They all flew into action . 
 `` That was a terrible thing to do '' , I said to Oso . 
 The Aricaras treated us like friends . 
 And here all the time you knew the Sioux would be using our rifles on them ! ! 
 God , what a world you people live in '' . 
 Oso gave me an UNK look . 
 `` Old UNK got the largest war party ever seen on the river '' , he said calmly . 
 `` What would you have done in Montero's UNK ? ? 
 Let Old UNK come up and kill you and your people , or would you steer him on someone else '' ? ? 
 He shook his head . 
 `` Mr. Manuel did that in the war . 
 That's why the British never got the tribes to fight for the King . 
 Mr. Manuel whispered in the ears of the Sioux that the UNK were UNK to raid 'em for their horses . 
 Then he went on to the UNK and told them that the Sioux was goin' to move up . 
 He did that with all the Nations . 
 Hell , they were UNK each other so hard they had no time for anyone else . 
 The War Department wrote Mr. Manuel a letter and said he was a hero . 
 I saw that letter . 
 He carried it in a little wallet made of fish skin '' . 
 `` But that was war '' , I said . 
 `` There's no war on now '' . 
 `` You're wrong , UNK . 
 In this country there's a war on every time the grass turns green . 
 First it was the Nations against themselves , then it was them against the whites . 
 And it's goin' to go on like this year after year until the white people take over this land '' . 
 I remember being told it would happen so fast people would think it took place overnight . 
 `` That's why this company's important . 
 Once we get over the mountains others will come along . 
 That's why the UNK don't want us to make it . 
 That bastard UNK ! ! 
 -- Old UNK not the only chief he'll get to do his dirty work ! ! 
 Before we get through he'll have the UNK UNK for our hair and our goods . 
 Well , UNK ain't goin' to help -- let's fort up '' ! ! 
 As I dug in behind one of the UNK we were using as protection , I grudgingly found myself agreeing with UNK logic , especially when I imagined what would have happened to UNK if Old UNK large party of screeching warriors had overrun our company . 
 For , unlike the Sioux and the UNK , the Aricaras are not great UNK , nor are they aggressive like the savage UNK . 
 More of an agricultural nation , they have relied on their warriors only for defense and for survival in the endless wars of the plains . 
 Still , I was disgusted with myself for agreeing with Montero's methods . 
 UNK , he had told the others what he had done . 
 In the brief moment I had to talk to them before I took my post on the ring of defenses , I indicated I was sickened by the methods men employed to live and trade on the river . 
 `` I think Montero did right '' , Amy said firmly . 
 `` Let the savages kill each other . 
 What do we care '' ? ? 
 Reverend Jason was UNK bitter . 
 `` It was a terrible thing to do . 
 Those little children . 
 '' 
 But Oso replied calmly , `` UNK ain't easy to dodge out in this country , UNK '' . 
 28 . 
 UNK 
 Gray Eyes attacked our camp just as the first pink threads UNK together the hills and the sky . 
 Our camp was in the center of a wide valley . 
 Montero had set up a strong position , using every bale and box we had in addition to barricades of logs and brush . 
 He had ordered the ponies brought inside the fortified circle and had assigned Pierre and a band of picked engages the job of trying to keep them steady under fire . 
 The pony herd was the one UNK in our defense ; ; 
 the UNK undoubtedly would try to cut down as many of the animals as possible . 
 UNK bucking horses would make the position difficult to defend against charging warriors . 
 The cooks had prepared one of the best meals we'd had in a long time , and on Montero's orders had baked enough bread to last the day . 
 UNK were filled , the herd fed and watered . 
 The worst part had been the waiting ; ; 
 although we didn't expect the attack before dawn , the long UNK night , filled with the sounds of the UNK insects , seemed endless . 
 UNK and hunting wolves sounded like signaling Indian UNK , the UNK of a restless pony made one's skin crawl . 
 Oso slept UNK , his rifle UNK in his arms ; ; 
 I didn't catch a wink . 
 Every time I closed my eyes , I saw Gray Eyes rushing at me with a knife . 
 It was a relief when they finally came . 
 They poured through the opening in the valley , then spread out in a long line to come at us , brandishing their UNK and filling the morning with their UNK scalp cry . 
 `` Oso '' , Montero called `` I'll get Gray Eyes '' . 
 `` That'll be a pleasure to see '' , the big black murmured as he stared down the barrel of his rifle . 
 `` Hold your fire '' , Montero was shouting . 
 `` Wait until my shot . 
 I'll shoot the first man who doesn't '' . 
 I could see them in my sights . 
 They were about a mile off ; ; 
 under me the ground UNK slightly . 
 At first they were only feathers and dark UNK faces and bodies , UNK over their UNK heads . 
 Gradually they emerged as men . 
 Gray Eyes was in the lead . 
 His face was split by a UNK streak , his eyes were pools of white ; ; 
 jagged red and black medicine symbols covered his chest . 
 He was naked except for a UNK . 
 Next to him was a young boy I was sure had sat near me at one of the trading sessions . 
 His mouth was open , his neck UNK with the strain of his UNK . 
 I found his chest in my sights . 
 It had a red circle . 
 The circle came nearer and nearer . 
 My God , how long is he going to wait , I thought . 
 Montero's rifle cracked . 
 At first I thought he had missed . 
 Gray Eyes remained erect . 
 The feathered UNK was still above his head . 
 As he started to slump over , another warrior swung him onto his horse . 
 I squeezed the trigger . 
 At the last second I dropped my sights from the bare chest and bright red circle to the chest of his pony . 
 I saw the pony fall like a stone and the young warrior flew over its head , bouncing like a rubber ball . 
 He started to run but UNK shot caught him on the wing . 
 He jerked once in the grass and lay still . 
 `` If you're goin' to kill 'em -- ! ! 
 UNK 'em '' ! ! 
 Oso growled . 
 What else he said was lost in the rattle of gunfire on all sides . 
 The Aricaras broke under the devastating fire , wheeled and retreated . 
 `` UNK up ! ! 
 UNK up ! ! 
 They'll be back '' ! ! 
 Montero was shouting . 
 Far up the valley I could see the UNK UNK and UNK . 
 Out in front of our walls the grass was covered with dead and dying men , war UNK , UNK , blankets and wounded and dead horses . 
 The morning air was filled with the UNK odor of UNK blood , the UNK UNK of frightened horses , and the bitterness of burned powder . 
 A horse screamed as it twisted from side to side in a frenzy . 
 A rifle cracked ; ; 
 the square head fell over . 
 One of the warriors suddenly leaped to his feet and began running across the valley to the trees that lined the small creek . 
 His legs UNK furiously , his long black hair UNK out behind him . 
 There was a ragged volley . 
 He was dead before he hit the ground . 
 `` For Christ's sake , don't waste your powder on one of 'em '' ! ! 
 Montero shouted furiously . 
 `` Wait for the charge ! ! 
 The charge , I tell you '' ! ! 
 The sharp cries at the end of the valley were faint . 
 They grew louder as the Indians charged again . 
 I could see their faces glistening with sweat and bear grease , their mouths open , shouting their UNK cries . 
 `` Gray Eyes is back , , Montero said . 
 The war captain had been badly wounded and was fighting to hold his seat . 
 I could see the blood running down his chest . 
 He was riding between two warriors , who held him erect when he started to slump . 
 I forgot to aim . 
 In my sights I watched him looming bigger and bigger . 
 Montero's shot had caught him high in the chest ; ; 
 there was no doubt he was dying . 
 Again we waited for Montero . 
 This time he delayed so long that some of the engages shouted frantically , but they held their fire . 
 The horses were only several lengths away when he fired . 
 The bullet flung Gray Eyes from his horse . 
 Our rolling volley swept most of the other riders from their mounts . 
 But a few reached our wall . 
 I heard the UNK of an ax and a UNK face burst apart in a bloody spray . 
 I saw Little Billy rise and fire almost point blank and an Indian's face became shattered flesh and bone . 
 A second leaped from his horse to the top of the bale , firing four arrows in such rapid succession it didn't seem possible they were in flight . 
 Men screamed . 
 Oso reached up , jerked the buck from the bale and snapped his neck . 
 Other Indians were running at the ponies , UNK and waving blankets . 
 Reverend Jason got one , the UNK the others . 
 I saw the clergyman kneel for a moment by the UNK body of the man he had shot , then run back to his position . 
 The ponies were almost UNK . 
 The UNK of dust they raised made it difficult to see when the Aricaras charged again . 
 This time more of them UNK the barrier . 
 A small Indian dived at Montero , who caught him with a swift upward stroke of his rifle butt . 
 It sounded like a man kicking a UNK . 
 Above me a dark rider was whipping his pony with a quirt in an attempt to UNK the UNK . 
 Although my shot killed his horse , he rolled off the bale on top of me . 
 I could smell UNK , grease , and oil . 
 His eyes were dark , fluid , fearful , and he gave a sigh as my knife went in . 
 Coming over the wall he had seemed like a hideous devil . 
 Now under me I could see him for what he really was , a boy dressed up in streaks of paint . 
 The Aricaras made one last desperate charge . 
 It was pitiful to see the thin ranks of warriors , old and young , UNK and twisting their ponies frantically from side to side only to be tumbled bleeding from their UNK by the relentless UNK , UNK of the cruelly efficient UNK . 
 Others , badly wounded , gripped hands in UNK , knees in UNK , held on as long as possible and then , weak from ghastly wounds , slipped UNK , slowly , almost thoughtfully , to be broken under the slashing hoofs . 
 Some gracefully soared from the backs of their wounded , screaming mounts to make one last UNK charge before the lead split their hearts or tore their guts . 
 None of them reached our walls again . 
 The few survivors grudgingly turned away . 
 In the distance we could hear the drums and the UNK of the death song . 
 She was carrying a quirt , and she started to raise it , then let it fall again and UNK from her wrist . 
 `` I saw your fire '' , she said , speaking slowly , making an effort to control her anger . 
 `` You could burn down this whole mountainside with a fire that size . 
 It wouldn't matter to a fool like you . 
 It would to me '' . 
 `` All right '' , Wilson said quickly . 
 `` The UNK too big . 
 And I appreciate the advice '' . 
 He was losing patience again . 
 An hour before , with the children asleep and nothing but the strange darkness , he would have appreciated company . 
 She had helped him change his mind . 
 `` I'm not UNK you '' , she said . 
 `` I'm telling you . 
 That UNK too big . 
 Let it burn down . 
 And make sure it's out when you leave in the morning '' . 
 He was taken UNK . 
 It took him a long time to compose himself . 
 `` There's some mistake '' , he said finally . 
 `` You're right about the fire . 
 It's bigger than it has to be , though I don't see where it's doing any harm . 
 But you're wrong about the rest of it . 
 I'm not leaving in the morning . 
 Why should I ? ? 
 I own the place '' . 
 She showed her surprise by tightening the reins and moving the gelding around so that she could get a better look at his face . 
 It didn't seem to tell her anything . 
 She glanced around the clearing , taking in the wagon and the load of supplies and UNK scattered over the ground , the two kids , the UNK bull that was chewing its UNK just within the far reaches of the UNK . 
 She studied it for a long time . 
 Then she turned back to Wilson and smiled , and he wasn't quite sure what she meant by it . 
 `` You own this place '' ? ? 
 She said , and her tone had softened until it was almost friendly . 
 `` You bought it '' ? ? 
 `` From a man in St. Louis '' , Wilson said . 
 `` Jake UNK . 
 Maybe you know him '' . 
 The girl laughed . 
 `` I know him . 
 I ought to . 
 My father ran him off here six years ago '' . 
 Wilson didn't say anything . 
 He stood watching the girl , wondering what was coming next . 
 She had picked up the quirt and was twirling it around her wrist and smiling at him . 
 `` UNK didn't tell you that '' , she said . 
 `` No '' , Wilson said . 
 `` But it's understandable . 
 It's not the kind of thing that a man would be proud of . 
 And it doesn't make any difference . 
 He sold me a clear title . 
 I have it with me , right here . 
 If you want to see '' -- 
 `` Never mind '' , she said UNK . 
 `` It wouldn't matter to my father , and not to me . 
 I meant what I said about that fire . 
 Be sure it's out when you leave . 
 That's all . 
 I'll let you go back to doing the dishes now '' . 
 It was meant to insult him , and didn't quite succeed . 
 He took the reins just below the bit and held them firmly , and it was his turn to smile now . 
 `` I don't mind washing dishes now and then '' , he said pleasantly . 
 `` It doesn't hurt . 
 It might hurt you , though . 
 Somebody might mistake you for a woman '' . 
 He meant to say more , but he never got the chance . 
 She was quick . 
 She brought the quirt down , slashing it across his cheek , and he tried to step back . 
 She swung the quirt again , and this time he caught her wrist and pulled her out of the saddle . 
 She came down against him , and he tried to break her fall . 
 He grabbed her by the shoulders and went down on one knee , taking her weight so that some of the wind was driven out of him . 
 It made him a little sick , and he let go of her . 
 He got up slowly , and she was already on her feet , and he stood facing her . 
 He wiped the blood from his cheek . 
 `` I ought to '' -- he said . 
 He was shaking with anger , his breath coming in long , painful gasps . 
 `` That quirt -- I ought to use it on you , where it would do the most good . 
 If you were a man '' -- 
 `` She isn't , UNK '' . 
 The voice came from behind him , and Wilson turned . 
 The fire had gone down , and the man was only a shadow against the trees . 
 But a moment later he brought his horse forward into the light , and Wilson had a good look at him . 
 He was tall and UNK , a half-breed , Wilson thought . 
 And he was handsome , despite the long thin scar that UNK across his cheek . 
 `` She's not a man , UNK '' , he said . 
 `` I am . 
 If you've got any ideas '' . 
 He raised the Winchester and pointed it at UNK chest . 
 `` Put the rifle down , Joseph '' , the girl said . 
 She seemed irritated . 
 `` I thought I told you to stay home '' . 
 The half-breed eased the Winchester down and rested it across his lap . 
 The scar looked pure white in the UNK ; ; 
 his eyes were black and UNK , and UNK . 
 `` You shouldn't be riding up here after dark , Judith '' , he said quietly . 
 `` I can take care of this . 
 It's no job for you '' . 
 The girl tapped the quirt impatiently against her knee and glared at him . 
 He took it without UNK . 
 `` I said go home , Joseph . 
 You've got no business up here '' . 
 The half-breed didn't answer this time . 
 But the scar seemed to pull hard at the corner of his mouth , and his eyes were hurt and angry . 
 It made Wilson wonder . 
 He watched the half-breed as he turned silently . 
 They could hear the UNK feet on the dry leaves for a while , then the sound faded out . 
 Wilson brushed the dust from his coat . 
 `` Who was that '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 `` Your personal guard ? ? 
 You're pretty hard on him '' . 
 `` He works for my father '' , the girl said , and then seemed to change her mind . 
 `` He's a friend . 
 His name's Joseph UNK . 
 Is there anything else you want to know '' ? ? 
 `` Not now '' , Wilson said . 
 `` I guess I'll find out soon enough . 
 You've got blood on your cheek . 
 Not yours . 
 Mine . 
 It must have got there when you fell against me '' . 
 She wiped it off with the sleeve of her coat . 
 `` I'll bet that's as close as you've been to a man since you were a baby '' , Wilson said . 
 He saw her hand start to work down the leather UNK toward the handle of the quirt , and he grabbed her wrist . 
 `` Oh , no '' , he said , and he was without humor now . 
 `` I've had enough of that . 
 I've had enough of you . 
 I don't know what goes on around here , and I don't care . 
 I don't know what makes you think you can get away with this kind of business , and I don't care about that , either . 
 You took me by surprise . 
 But I'll know how to handle you next time '' . 
 She brought up her free hand to hit him , but this time he was quicker . 
 He UNK her blow and she fell , stumbling against the gelding . 
 She finally regained her balance and got up in the saddle . 
 Her hat had come off and fallen behind her shoulders , held by the string , and he could see her face more clearly than he had at any time before . 
 He had forgotten that she was so pretty . 
 But her UNK was what he had noticed first , and all the other things had come afterward : cruelty , UNK , UNK . 
 He had known women like that , one woman in particular . 
 And one had been too many . 
 He watched the girl until she had gone into the trees , and waited until he couldn't hear the sound of her horse any longer , then went up to where the children were sleeping . 
 They weren't sleeping , of course , but they thought they were doing him a favor by pretending . 
 He hadn't shown up too well in their eyes , letting himself be UNK by a woman . 
 They expected greater things from him , regardless of how trying the circumstances , and they were disappointed . 
 And determined not to show it . 
 They lay a little too stiffly , with their eyes straining to stay closed . 
 `` Go to sleep '' , he said . 
 `` Both of you . 
 There's better things to do than listen to something like that . 
 I'll be down at the creek finishing the dishes , if you want me '' . 
 He found the pan where he had dropped it and carried it back down to the stream . 
 The UNK was calling again , and he hoped that this time there would be no other sounds to interrupt it . 
 Not tonight , at any rate . 
 He had a feeling that the girl meant trouble . 
 If she did , he could stand it better in the light . 
 He UNK UNK at the UNK and reflected on how things had turned out . 
 That afternoon when they had pulled up in front of the UNK ranch house , his hopes had been high . 
 Already some of the pain had gone from UNK death . 
 Not all of it . 
 There would still be plenty of moments of regret and sadness and guilty relief . 
 But they were starting a new life . 
 And they had almost everything they needed : land , a house , two UNK UNK , three horses . 
 The land wasn't all Wilson had expected of it . 
 Six hundred and forty acres , the old man back in St. Louis had said ; ; 
 good grass , good water . 
 Well , the grass was there , though in some places the ground was too steep for a cow to get to it . 
 The water was there , so much of it that it spread all through the dead UNK . 
 And there was a house ; ; 
 UNK perhaps , but badly in need of repairs . 
 In the last analysis , though , Wilson had little cause to complain . 
 The place had been cheap -- just the little he had left after UNK burial -- and it would serve its purpose . 
 There was only one place where Jake UNK description had gone badly UNK : the peace and quiet . 
 It hadn't started out that way . 
 And he had a feeling -- thanks to the girl -- that things would get worse before they got better . 
 2 
 They had the house cleaned up by noon , and Wilson sent the boy out to the meadow to bring in the horses . 
 He stood on the porch and watched him struggling with the heavy harness , and finally went over to help him . 
 Kathy was already in the wagon . 
 They were going to town , and they were both excited . 
 Wilson backed the team into the traces , and wished they weren't going to town at all . 
 He had an uneasy feeling about it . 
 That girl last night , what was her name ? ? 
 Judith Pierce . 
 It was the only thing about her that was the least bit hard to remember . 
 He finished with the team and filled his pipe and stood looking about him . 
 He had spent two hours riding around the ranch that morning , and in broad daylight it was even less inviting than Judith Pierce had made it seem . 
 There was brush , and stands of pine that no grass could grow under , and places so steep that cattle wouldn't stop to UNK . 
 But there was water . 
 There was an artificial lake just out of sight in the first stand of trees , fed by a half dozen springs that popped out of the ground above the hillside UNK . 
 Yes , there was plenty of water , too much , and that was probably the trouble . 
 There were tracks of cattle all over his six hundred and forty acres . 
 The first part of the road was steep , but it leveled off after the second bend and curled gradually into the valley . 
 It was hotter once they reached the flat , and UNK , but the grass was better . 
 A warm breeze played across it , moving it like waves . 
 A UNK hawk flew in behind them and stayed there , watching for any snakes or rabbits that they might stir up from the side of the road . 
 It took them an hour before they came to the first houses of UNK . 
 The town was about what Wilson expected : one main street with its rows of UNK buildings , a water tower , a few warehouses , a single hotel ; ; 
 all dusty and UNK . 
 The place was quiet . 
 Such was my state of mind that I did not question the possibility of this ; ; 
 under the circumstances I was only too willing to confess all . 
 I was nearly thirty at the time . 
 I went to the hall in the afternoons only , on these preliminary matters . 
 It was dark and , I sensed , very large ; ; 
 only the counter at one end was lighted by a long fluorescent tube suspended directly above it . 
 Sometimes I was aware of people moving about in the darkness . 
 I would turn away from my writing in the hope of getting a good look at them but I never quite succeeded . 
 A glimpse of three of four vague figures , at the most . 
 UNK here and there . 
 UNK , as if waiting . 
 The UNK glow of a cigarette . 
 Since they could see me but I not them , their presence in the hall disturbed me . 
 The clerk paid them no attention . 
 This impressed me , until I realized how limited was his sphere of influence . 
 His job simply consisted in registering new men . 
 When the phone rang he answered it . 
 His authority extended to the far edge of the counter , no further . 
 None of the men hanging around the hall bothered to speak to him . 
 UNK was attacking his UNK . 
 He spoke to me in a gruff voice , an UNK which quite UNK his personality . 
 He wore his white shirt open at the neck , revealing a bit of scrawny pale chest underneath . 
 It was obvious that he wished himself different from the sort of person he thought he was . 
 But it was not easy for him and he often slipped . 
 When one of the men in the hall behind us spat on the floor and scraped his boot over the UNK of UNK I noticed how the clerk winced . 
 I felt certain he was really a UNK little man . 
 His hat ( the cause of his UNK ? ? 
 ) hung on a hook on the wall , and underneath it I could see his tie , knotted , ready to be slipped over his head , a black badge of UNK respectability that ought never to have left his neck . 
 The UNK UNK were on the counter , and a stack of UNK men's magazines . 
 On a shelf in the office behind the counter was a small radio UNK permanently on a station which broadcast only vulgar commercials and cheap popular music . 
 Everything about the clerk was trivial . 
 Once , pressing him , I learned that his job was only part-time , in the afternoons when nothing went on in the hall . 
 UNK my disappointment he attempted to salvage what UNK and shreds of authority he felt might still be clinging to his person . 
 With distaste I saw him assume a UNK air . 
 When he saw me coming he turned his radio off . 
 He made a show of UNK my forms on the shelf . 
 He would pick up the ringing phone with studied UNK , then bark into it with gruff importance . 
 What limited knowledge he possessed he forced upon me . 
 In the mornings , I was informed , fluorescent tubes , similar to the one above the counter , illuminated the entire hall . 
 They , and the two large fans which I could dimly see as daylight filtered through their vents , down at the far end of the hall , could be turned on by a master switch situated inside the office . 
 He pointed out the switch to me and for a moment I UNK believed that he would let deed follow words . 
 I was shown , instead , a batch of white tickets of the sort handed out , he told me , every morning . 
 Now , here was something of obvious importance to me , yet when I reached for the tickets he snatched them away from my hand . 
 He couldn't afford to have anyone mess around with them , he said . 
 Each of those tickets was of great value to its rightful recipient . 
 I withdrew my hand . 
 Later I would remember what this UNK little man had told me about the worth of a ticket . 
 Having nothing else to do except wait for my forms to be processed , I gave myself over to speculations concerning the hall itself . 
 When UNK lighted , what would it look like ? ? 
 The presence of the two exhaust fans seemed to indicate that the hall could become crowded for air . 
 One afternoon , upon receiving permission and the necessary instructions from the clerk , I had visited the toilet adjoining the hall . 
 By counting the number of UNK and UNK I attempted to form a loose estimate of how many men the hall would hold at one time . 
 For although I had crossed a corner of the hall on my way to the toilet I still could not tell for sure how far to the rear the darkness extended . 
 I could observe the two fans down at the end , but their size in themselves meant nothing to me as long as I had no measure of comparison . 
 I had for some time been hoping , in vain , for one of the dim figures to pass between the fan vents and myself . 
 I knew that three or four of them were almost always present in the hall , but what they were doing , and exactly where , I could not tell . 
 It was , I felt , possible that they were men who , having received no tickets for that day , had remained in the hall , to sleep perhaps , in the corners UNK removed from the counter with its overhead light . 
 This light did not penetrate very far back into the hall , and my eyes were UNK rather than aided by the dim daylight entering through the fan vents when I tried to pick out whatever might be lying , or squatting , on the floor below . 
 Also the clerk appeared to disapprove of my frequent curious glances back over my shoulder . 
 No sooner would I turn my head away from the counter before he would address me , at times quite sharply , in order to bring back my attention . 
 And I had hardly finished my business in the toilet on the UNK occasion when the lights in that place , like the hall lights controlled from the switch in the office , flicked off and on impatiently . 
 This sort of petty vigilance annoyed me . 
 I felt certain it was UNK . 
 It sprang from a type of UNK I'd encountered often enough but certainly had not expected to find here . 
 I decided to see no more of the clerk until the processing of my papers was completed . 
 I felt strongly attached to the hall , however , and hardly a day passed when I did not go to look at it from a distance . 
 I lived in a state of suspense because of it . 
 I could not cling to my past nor did I wish to . 
 I had signed it off on the forms . 
 My future lay solely with the hall , yet what did I know about the hall at this point ? ? 
 Although I had been inside it I had not yet seen it functioning . 
 I wished to prepare myself but did not even know what sort of clothes I ought to be wearing . 
 I did not despair , however ; ; 
 far from it ! ! 
 I was constantly searching for clues around the neighborhood of the hall . 
 Though only a relatively short walk separated it from my own part of town , its character was wholly foreign to me . 
 Large warehouses flanked the street on which the hall UNK . 
 The river was only a few blocks away but an unbroken line of piers prevented me from seeing it . 
 Sometimes I noticed the tops of UNK UNK and UNK reaching above the UNK roofs . 
 The sounds UNK from beyond -- UNK UNK , men shouting -- indicated great activity and excited me . 
 The hall , on the other hand , appeared UNK and deserted on these long waterfront afternoons . 
 It resembled nothing I'd ever seen before . 
 Its front was UNK , but irregularities in the masonry might be an indication that windows , now blinded , had once looked out upon the street . 
 I kept UNK the block hoping to see , from the street behind it , the rear of the hall . 
 But it was not a tall structure and other buildings concealed it . 
 For weeks I wandered about this neighborhood of warehouses and garages , truck terminals and taxi repair shops , gasoline pumps and UNK lunch counters , yet never did I cease to feel myself a stranger there . 
 I returned to the hall , despite my dislike for the clerk . 
 As I had expected , he insisted that my visits to the hall would do nothing to further the process of my application . 
 Meanwhile spring had passed well into summer . 
 At last , when I put it to him directly , the clerk was forced to admit that the delay in my case was unusual . 
 When I asked him what , if anything , I could do about it , he surprised me by referring me to the director of the hall . 
 I could consult this UNK on any UNK morning , though not before ten o'clock . 
 The clerk impressed this upon me : that I should not arrive in the hall before ten o'clock . 
 When I went for my interview with the director I saw why . 
 Although it was dark as usual I could see that the hall had only recently contained a great many people . 
 UNK butts littered the floor . 
 The big fans were going , drawing from the large room the UNK of stale smoke which drifted about in pale UNK underneath the ceiling . 
 I had felt the draft they were making while mounting the stairs . 
 The staircase itself seemed still to be UNK the heavy UNK of many men . 
 I stopped by the counter . 
 No one was behind it , but in the rear wall of the office I noticed , for the first time , a door which had been left partially open . 
 Past it I could see part part of a desk , a flag in a corner , a rug on the floor . 
 The UNK office . 
 I rapped my knuckles on the counter . 
 The director came to the door . 
 I was at once disappointed , although just what I had expected him to look like I could not have explained . 
 He was a man in his late forties , with graying hair , of medium height ; ; 
 he looked dapper in a lightweight summer suit , brown silk tie and UNK soft collar . 
 He wore UNK , UNK shoes ; ; 
 they somehow made me expect to see him launch into a vaudeville UNK routine any moment . 
 But he came toward me UNK enough , showed me around the counter , offered me a seat inside his office , then walked to a file cabinet and got out my application . 
 I had the impression that he had read my forms , perhaps several times . 
 He did not look at them now . 
 As he lowered himself on the chair behind his desk I wondered what this dapper , slightly ridiculous man could possibly have to do with the workings of the hall . 
 He spoke , in a voice as immaculate as his appearance . 
 Why had I registered ? ? 
 UNK my pardon , he must express his astonishment over seeing a person of my background applying at the hall . 
 He had looked over my forms and was impressed by what he had seen there ; ; 
 indeed , my scholastic qualifications were such that he , a college graduate himself , must envy me them . 
 Was I sure , he asked , that I knew what I was applying for ? ? 
 What sort of men I would come into contact with , at the hall ? ? 
 These questions did not surprise me ; ; 
 I felt certain that the director , like the afternoon clerk , seldom moved beyond the counter , that the hall , to them , was a jungle , a dark and unwelcome place . 
 Though I doubted that he would understand me , I told the director my motives for applying . 
 I had always , I said , UNK after working hard with my hands . 
 This desire , I went on , growing UNK as my conviction was aroused , had mounted at such a rate recently that I now found its realization necessary not only to my physical but also to my spiritual UNK . 
 To this effect I had already severed all connections which bound me to my former existence . 
 The flat , hard cap was small , but he thrust it to the back of his head . 
 `` UNK him up '' . 
 `` Hell with it '' . 
 Before they could guess his intention Rankin stepped forward and swung the guard's own gun against the uncovered head , hard . 
 The man went over without sound , falling to the bare floor . 
 Barton said harshly , `` Why did you do that '' ? ? 
 Rankin UNK at him . 
 `` What did you want me to do , kiss him ? ? 
 He dumped me in solitary twice '' . 
 Barton caught the lighter man's shoulder and swung him around . 
 `` Let's get one thing straight , you and me . 
 The only reason we brought you was to get Miller out . 
 If you ever try anything without my orders I'll kill you '' . 
 Fred Rankin looked at him . 
 It seemed to Barton that the green eyes UNK him , the UNK smile held insolence , but he had no time to waste now . 
 `` Come on . 
 Let's move '' . 
 They filed out through the UNK door , into the paved square . 
 There were three other men within this prison whom Barton would have liked to liberate , but they were in other cell blocks . 
 There was no chance . 
 They moved slowly , toward the main gate , following the wall . 
 There was no moon . 
 They had chosen this night purposely . 
 They reached the guard house without alerting the men on the walls above , and Powers slipped through the door . 
 Two men were on duty inside , playing UNK , relaxed . 
 They looked up in surprise as Powers came in . 
 `` What are you doing out of the block '' ? ? 
 `` It's UNK '' , he said , naming the man Rankin had hit . 
 `` I've got to have help '' . 
 They stared at him . 
 The sergeant in charge climbed to his feet . 
 `` What's wrong with him '' ? ? 
 `` He's having some kind of a fit '' . 
 The sergeant turned to the door . 
 As he passed through it Barton shoved his gun against the man's side . 
 `` One sound and you're dead '' . 
 The sergeant froze . 
 Powers had not followed . 
 Powers was covering the remaining guard . 
 The man UNK for the cord of the alarm bell . 
 Powers knocked his arm aside . 
 UNK , with none of UNK UNK , he laid the barrel of his gun alongside the guard's head . 
 They were free . 
 Even Barton could not quite believe it . 
 It had gone without a hitch . 
 They slid through the UNK in the big gate , UNK across the dark ground . 
 Five minutes later they reached the horses . 
 Barton was relieved to see that Carl Dill and Emmett Foster had brought extra mounts . 
 He had been worried that with Miller and Rankin added to the escape party they would be short . 
 No one hurried . 
 They walked the horses , heading along the river , Barton and Emmett Foster in the lead , seven men riding quietly through the night . 
 The only thing which would have attracted attention was that two wore the uniform of prison guards , three the striped suits of convicts . 
 Five miles . 
 In a small grove against the river they halted , turning deep into the protection of the trees . 
 Foster had brought extra clothing also . 
 A good man , Emmett . 
 He had been one of the original Night Riders , one who had escaped the trial . 
 It was to him that Barton had sent Carl Dill on UNK release from the prison . 
 UNK Miller was crying softly to himself , UNK his striped suit and fumbling into the nondescript UNK pants , the worn brown shirt . 
 Kid Boyd was unusually silent , Rankin UNK , a few paces apart . 
 Barton finished his dressing and extended his hand to Powers . 
 `` I won't even try to thank you '' . 
 The UNK guard was embarrassed . 
 He said in a studied voice , `` I didn't do it for you . 
 I did it for the valley . 
 You're the only man the Night Riders will follow . 
 We've been starving and I don't like to UNK '' . 
 Barton turned away , his eyes falling upon Rankin beside his horse . 
 `` Good luck '' . 
 The murderer lifted his head . 
 `` UNK you want me to ride out '' ? ? 
 `` You aren't one of us . 
 There's nothing for you here '' . 
 `` I got no place to go '' . 
 Barton hesitated . 
 He did not trust Rankin , his violent temper , his killer instinct . 
 But ten years in prison had taught him realities . 
 They were in a fight , outweighed in both numbers and money . 
 It was all right to put a bunch of ranchers onto horses , to call them Night Riders , to set out to attack the largest mining combination the country had ever seen if all they wanted was adventure . 
 But if they really hoped to succeed they needed professionals , men who knew how to use a gun against men , who would match the UNK on the other side . 
 `` Your choice '' , he said briefly , and turned to Kid Boyd . 
 `` UNK those uniforms so they won't be found '' . 
 Then Barton touched Carl UNK arm and moved off , up the river bank . 
 He wanted a careful , uninterrupted report from Dill on the conditions in the valley . 
 They squatted on their heels in the deep mud and Dill found a cigar in his breast pocket , passing it over silently . 
 He too knew the agony of going for weeks , sometimes months without the solace of tobacco . 
 Mitchell Barton drew in the fragrance deeply , letting the smoke lie warm and UNK in his throat for a moment before he UNK . 
 Through the gloom he could not see the man beside him clearly but he knew him thoroughly . 
 For his first five years in prison , they had shared a cell . 
 Carl Dill was neither a rancher nor a valley man . 
 He had been the UNK for the mining syndicate , and he had stolen fifty thousand dollars of the UNK money . 
 He had done time for the theft . 
 The one thing they had in common was their hatred . 
 Both hated Donald Kruger . 
 It had drawn them together , and since his release from prison Dill had worked UNK to effect this night's escape . 
 He said now , `` I've got the perfect headquarters set up . 
 The old UNK mine '' . 
 UNK Barton knew the place . 
 Twenty years before a group of UNK had bought out the UNK claims in the rocky hills south of UNK Valley . 
 They had spent a million dollars , carving in a road , putting up buildings , drilling their UNK tunnel . 
 Then the vein had UNK out and the whole project had been abandoned . 
 `` The road's washed badly '' , said Dill , `` but there's a trail you can get over with a horse . 
 A company of cavalry couldn't come in there if two men were guarding that trail '' . 
 Barton nodded . 
 `` How do the valley people feel '' ? ? 
 `` As mad as ever . 
 But UNK men keep them off balance , and they don't trust me . 
 I'm an UNK . 
 When they learn you're in the hills though , they'll rally , don't worry about that '' . 
 Barton waited for a long moment , then asked the question which lay always UNK in his mind . 
 `` My boy . 
 Did you find him '' ? ? 
 Dill was silent as if he hated to answer , and Barton had a cold , sick feeling of apprehension . 
 `` He's in Morgan's Ferry '' . 
 Barton UNK in surprise . 
 `` What's he doing there '' ? ? 
 Again Dill hesitated . 
 `` UNK faro '' . 
 `` UNK faro ? ? 
 How come '' ? ? 
 `` Your UNK has the faro bank in Cap UNK saloon '' . 
 Barton cursed under his breath . 
 After another long pause he asked , `` How many people know who they are '' ? ? 
 `` Everyone . 
 Your cousin UNK saw to that . 
 He's quite a rat , you know . 
 He sold out to UNK men . 
 He's informed them of everything you've ever written him . 
 He wants your ranch '' . 
 Barton stood up . 
 He said tensely , `` All right . 
 Let's go get the boy '' . 
 Dill had come up also . 
 `` I was afraid of this . 
 I almost didn't tell you '' . 
 `` If you hadn't I'd have killed you '' . 
 UNK voice tightened . 
 `` But you can't ride into the Ferry . 
 That's what they'll expect you to do . 
 They'll be there waiting for you . 
 I understand how you feel about the child . 
 '' 
 `` The hell you do '' . 
 UNK voice was UNK than Dill had ever heard it . 
 `` I never saw him . 
 My wife died in UNK after I was sent away . 
 `` I can't leave him there . 
 Donald Kruger would like nothing better than to hold him as UNK , and I wouldn't UNK a snake to his tender care . 
 I've got to get the boy . 
 Let's ride '' . 
 Chapter two 
 UNK men cut the telegraph wires in half a dozen places , carrying away whole sections to make repairs more difficult . 
 It was over an hour before their escape was discovered , but still the news that Barton was free flashed across the central portion of the state . 
 It reached Donald Kruger in his massive home in UNK . 
 It reached the mines at North San Juan and UNK . 
 It brought men out of bed and sent them into hurried conferences . 
 For everyone involved knew that the whole valley was a powder UNK , and Mitchell Barton the fuse which could send it into explosive violence . 
 UNK Hague sat in his office above the UNK pit . 
 The office was of logs , four rooms , each heated by an iron stove . 
 The building was UNK by the scene outside . 
 There a dozen giant UNK played their UNK jets of water against the huge seam of UNK gravel which was the mountainside . 
 The gravel was the bed of an ancient river , UNK in some UNK UNK of earth . 
 It was partially cemented by ages and pressure , yet it crumpled before the onslaught of the powerful streams , the force of a thousand fire UNK , and with the gold it held washed down through the long UNK . 
 A million UNK of gold a month . 
 A million tons of rock and soil and brush . 
 The UNK ran twenty-four hours each day . 
 Their roar , like the swelling volume of a hundred UNK could be heard for miles . 
 Hague , like all who worked near the pits , was partly UNK from the constant assault against his UNK . 
 He was a big man , wearing a neat flannel shirt against the cold UNK air . 
 UNK showed in loose rolls beneath the shirt . 
 Ten years older than UNK Barton , he had UNK his way up from UNK in the pits to manager of the operation . 
 He was proud of his accomplishments , proud of his job , proud that Donald Kruger and his associates trusted him . 
 He lived and breathed for the mining company . 
 No man could have reached his spot nor held it without being ruthless , and Hague had made a virtue of UNK all of his life . 
 There came a ghost of noise at the office door and Hague swung to see Kodyke in the entrance from the outer room . 
 Hague had never accustomed himself to Kodyke . 
 The man was tall , thin , with a narrow face and a UNK nose . 
 The eyes always held Hague , eyes of a dead man , UNK as a UNK , with the fixed intensity of a UNK . 
 Even Hague was repelled by the UNK UNK that was Kodyke . 
 He knew nothing about the man's history . 
 Kodyke had appeared at the mine one day bearing a letter from Kruger . 
 Kodyke was to head the dread company police . 
 He ran the change rooms . 
 He threw out the UNK . 
 He supervised the UNK and handled the shipments of raw gold which each week went out to San Francisco . 
 Hague squeezed down his uneasy dislike . 
 He pulled open the top drawer of his desk and drew out a UNK . 
 `` This is Mitchell Barton . 
 He broke out of UNK last night . 
 Apparently he UNK one of the guards . 
 We want him back there or we want him dead '' . 
 Kodyke took the picture in a lean hand , studying it thoughtfully . 
 `` UNK '' ? ? 
 `` UNK , yes . 
 You know how the ranchers in the valley are . 
 They blame us for all their troubles . 
 Ten years ago they blew up some of our UNK . 
 It cost us a hundred thousand dollars and thirty days lost time to fix them . 
 We don't want UNK Night Riders loose again '' . 
 The UNK nodded , slipping the picture into his breast pocket , saying nothing . 
 UNK Hague wasted no words , but now he found himself unable to stop their flow although he knew Kodyke was aware of all he said . 
 If she sensed any unusual preoccupation on the part of her mother , she did not comment upon it . 
 After they had finished eating , UNK took UNK the kitten under her arm -- `` so that UNK Grace can teach it about the whistle '' -- and climbed into the station wagon beside her mother . 
 She had offered to walk , but Pamela knew she would not feel comfortable about her child until she had personally confided her to the care of the little pink woman who chose to be called `` UNK '' . 
 When they reached their UNK house , Pamela said a few polite words to Grace and kissed UNK lightly on the forehead , the impulse prompted by a stray thought -- of the type to which she was frequently subject these days -- that they might never see one another again . 
 Then she turned the station wagon around and headed it back down the hill , with the village as her UNK destination . 
 As she drove , she thought about her plan . 
 It was really quite simple . 
 So simple , in fact , that it might even work -- although Pamela , now , in her new frame of mind , was careful not to pretend too much assurance . 
 That mistake , she thought , had cost her UNK these past few days , and she wanted to avoid falling into any more of the traps that the mountain might set for her . 
 She must be cautious so as not to alert the UNK forest . 
 When the station wagon drew abreast of the dusty dirt road that led up to the porch of the UNK house , Pamela turned the wheel , guiding the car to its familiar parking spot close to the house , and stopped . 
 All of her movements were careful and methodical , UNK of the stealth of a criminal who has plotted his UNK for months in advance and knows exactly which step to take next in the course of the final execution of his crime . 
 She locked the ignition , removed the keys , stepped out of the car and went into the house . 
 Here , she dropped the keys on a small table beside the door and went upstairs to her bedroom . 
 On her bureau lay a small , brass UNK of simple design and faded UNK -- an object which , Pamela believed now , had been the property of her UNK , Major UNK UNK UNK . 
 He had belonged to this land and , perhaps , had UNK it -- and this was the only material symbol that remained of him . 
 If she , Pamela , were being held responsible for his crimes , then hers must be the final act of UNK . 
 She would return this symbol to the mountain , as one UNK seed back into the soil every Spring or as ancient fertility cults demand annual human sacrifice . 
 Slowly and thoughtfully , she slipped the UNK into the pocket of her slacks , moved down the stairs and out of the house . 
 There was only one place where the mountain might receive her -- that unnamed , UNK pool UNK in its secret bosom . 
 UNK , if UNK were possible , could only be made at that sacred , UNK basin . 
 It was there that she would have to enact her UNK , beg forgiveness . 
 Perhaps it was insane , Pamela thought . 
 Perhaps it was all a vividly conceived dream . 
 But she was caught in it , and she faced the terrible possibility that , if it were a dream , it was one from which she might never awaken . 
 UNK the forest now , she who had not dared to enter it before , walked between two trees at random and headed in what she believed was the direction of the pool . 
 She remembered little of her previous journey there with Grace , and she could but hope that her dedication to her mission would enable her to accomplish it . 
 The forest was open and freely welcoming , extending an enchanted hand . 
 The ground was covered with soft pine needles and the slope was gentle . 
 Birds UNK and UNK in the trees and the sun , all UNK and soft , caressed her shoulders warmly from time to time . 
 It was not , thought Pamela , such an evil place after all . 
 No wonder UNK responded so completely to its UNK . 
 Perhaps she had no reason to fear these trees that whispered their secrets above her head as she passed . 
 Was it not possible , after all , that the forest was in league with her and her child that its sympathy lay with the UNK that she had UNK in failing to understand this ? ? 
 Pamela felt calm and peaceful as she walked along . 
 The slight UNK that had disturbed the motion of her heart when she entered the forest was gone now , and even the dim groves of trees through which she occasionally passed did not UNK her fear . 
 She regarded them as signs that she was nearing the UNK she sought , and she was glad to at last be doing something positive in her UNK , undefined struggle with the mountain and its UNK inhabitants . 
 Having persisted too long in deliberate ignorance and denial of the forces that threatened her , Pamela was relieved now to admit their potency and to be taking definite steps toward grappling with them . 
 A few days ago , she would have thought such an expedition as this utterly ridiculous ; ; 
 today , on the contrary , it seemed utterly reasonable . 
 She did not pause to consider what she would do if her plan should fail ; ; 
 she directed all of her mental and physical energy toward achieving this one goal . 
 If , as she walked , her steps fumbled from time to time , she chose to ignore that UNK . 
 If the slope grew UNK and the groves more dim , she tried not to heed . 
 Success depended upon maintaining her UNK ; ; 
 she must be poised and proud and unafraid in order to prove to the mountain that she was in earnest . 
 The forest took on an impersonal aspect . 
 It did not care what sort of person UNK its woods , plucked at its bark or stripped the UNK from its bushes . 
 UNK , indifferent , UNK , the forest was simply there -- fighting man's UNK with more abundant growth and man's UNK with its own musical evening laughter . 
 Red man or white man , UNK or killer , the forest would accept them all -- knowing that it could UNK equally well on slaughter and UNK ; ; 
 knowing that its UNK mass would always dwarf the short span of time allotted to any man . 
 Pamela shook her head . 
 She must not think about time . 
 That was another one of those traps . 
 In her grim pursuit of UNK , Pamela focused her thoughts on her husband . 
 If , when this was all over , she found the words to tell him about it , she wondered if he would ever understand . 
 How could he comprehend her need when he himself was innocent ? ? 
 Indian ghosts would not UNK upon his nights , nor would his days be haunted by the UNK , UNK figure of her UNK ancestor . 
 His bright , daylight mind would whistle away such images ; ; 
 they would not dare to face his UNK . 
 Pamela was glad Jim was nowhere near . 
 His presence would have interfered with her duty . 
 The mountainside grew UNK and she slipped once or twice on the smooth pine needles . 
 The trees huddled more closely together , their limbs and leaves intertwined in a coarse curtain against the sun . 
 UNK and vines abetted the rocks in forming UNK UNK for the struggling stranger , and without the direct light of the sun to act as compass , Pamela could no longer be positive of her direction . 
 Nevertheless , she continued to move upward . 
 She was sure she would reach the pool by climbing , and she clung to that belief despite the increasing number of obstacles . 
 The forest had become an alien world where she strove , alone , UNK , UNK , to deal with whatever UNK were offered . 
 It was a bold , dark castle of pine boughs that stood like a medieval fortress , UNK the sun and human time . 
 At one and the same time , she was within it but still searching for the UNK that would give her entry . 
 Silence came into the forest -- a solid being that clapped its hand over the murmuring mouths of the birds and the whispered comfort of the trees . 
 Silence walked at UNK side , its presence UNK close , yet too far for her to hear . 
 Silence stood in front of her , waiting , and in back of her , UNK her retreat . 
 She stumbled over the root of a tree that protruded UNK above the earth . 
 In spite of her attempt to preserve her balance , she fell , UNK her arm on a naked stone . 
 For a moment , she could not catch her breath and then , her breath returning in short , frightened UNK , she lifted herself to her feet UNK . 
 She started to brush the dirt and bits of leaves off her clothes . 
 Her arm UNK slightly , and the UNK skin cried out in pain . 
 She looked around . 
 She was bewildered . 
 She seemed to have come such a long distance -- too far for her destination which had UNK been swallowed up in the greedy gloom of the trees . 
 She stood quite still , trying to focus upon a direction in which to turn , a path to follow , a clue to guide her . 
 She was standing in a thick grove . 
 The trees were crowded so closely together that their branches UNK , virtually UNK out the sun completely . 
 The earth smelled moist and pungent as it might in a cave deprived of the cleansing effect of the sun's rays . 
 She had the feeling that , under the UNK leaves , there would be the bodies of dead animals , quietly decaying and giving their soil back to the mountain . 
 The thought made Pamela shudder . 
 A terrible chill swept through the grove . 
 Not a breeze exactly , but a pocket of icy air that settled with a loathsome familiarity upon the deep confines of the grove , catching Pamela in a leering embrace . 
 There was a peculiar density about it , a thick substance that could be sensed but never identified , never actually perceived . 
 Where before had she felt or UNK or imagined such a scene ? ? 
 She already knew this UNK , chilling atmosphere that was somehow grotesquely alive . 
 It enclosed her UNK hands and twined around her ankles . 
 It crept into the open neck of her UNK and slid down her body , UNK into her flesh through all the quivering UNK of her skin . 
 It crawled across her breasts , suffocating the life in her UNK . 
 It circled her thighs , exploring with its icy UNK . 
 It entered her body with the ghastly UNK of an UNK , and its particles , spreading , creeping , crawling , joined themselves into steel bands that UNK her knees so tightly that they UNK ; ; 
 UNK her lungs so that her breath came in harsh gasps ; ; 
 clutched her throat and sucked up the moisture in her mouth so that her tongue was dry and hard and stuck to the roof of her mouth and her teeth were clenched together in the rigid UNK of her jaws . 
 She had to get away from here before this UNK possession swallowed up the liquid of her eyes and sank into the fibers of her brain , UNK her of reason and sight . 
 But she did not know which way to go . 
 The shadows of the trees engulfed her , UNK every possible exit from the grove . 
 She had been UNK here by a vile sensuality that UNK around her throat in UNK circles . 
 She could not scream , for even if a sound could take shape within her UNK mouth , who would hear , who would listen ? ? 
 Does the mountain listen ? ? 
 Pamela groped blindly . 
 She had to escape . 
 She had to move in some direction -- any direction that would take her away from this evil place . 
 She thrust forward through the shadows and the trees that resisted her and tried to UNK her back . 
 Her own body protested , aching painfully where the blood in her veins had congealed , where cold demon UNK still clung and caressed . 
 Every movement she made seemed UNK noisy . 
 UNK cracked loudly under her feet ; ; 
 bushes swished and scratched at her slacks ; ; 
 tree branches snapped as she pushed them UNK away from her . 
 UNK , she found exactly the right statement . 
 She began it deliberately , so that none of her words would be lost on him . 
 `` I want to tell you something Thomas UNK Lord . 
 I'm well aware that you've got a UNK as long as my leg , and that I don't amount to anything . 
 But '' -- 
 `` But it don't matter UNK '' , Lord supplied fondly . 
 `` To me you'll always be the girl o' my dreams , an' the UNK flower that grows '' . 
 UNK UNK , he UNK out his lips and attempted to kiss her . 
 She yanked away from him furiously . 
 `` You shut up ! ! 
 UNK UNK ! ! 
 I've got something to say to you , and by God you're going to listen . 
 Do you hear me ? ? 
 You're going to listen '' ! ! 
 Lord nodded UNK . 
 He said he wanted very much to listen . 
 He knew that anything a UNK little lady like her had to say would be plumb important , as well as UNK to the ear , and he didn't want to miss a word of it . 
 So would she mind speaking a little louder ? ? 
 `` I think you UNK , Tom Lord ! ! 
 I think you're mean and UNK and stupid , and -- louder '' ? ? 
 Said Joyce . 
 `` Uh-huh . 
 So I can hear you while I'm UNK the car . 
 UNK like we might be in for a speck of trouble '' . 
 He opened the door and got out . 
 He waited at the car side for a moment , looking down at her UNK . 
 `` Well ? ? 
 Wasn't you goin' to say UNK '' ? ? 
 Then , helpfully , as she merely stared at him in weary silence , `` Maybe you could write it down for me , huh ? ? 
 UNK it in real big letters , an' I can UNK it out later '' . 
 `` UNK , go on '' , she said . 
 `` Just go the hell on '' . 
 He grinned , nodded , and walked around to the front of the car . 
 UNK UNK UNK , he stared down at its crazily sagging left side . 
 Then he UNK down on the heels of his UNK boots , peered into the orderly chaos of axle , shock UNK , and spring . 
 He went prone on his stomach , the better to pursue his examination . 
 After a time , he straightened again , brushing the red UNK dust from his hands , slapping it from his UNK UNK and his tailored , UNK shirt . 
 He wore no gun -- a strange UNK for a peace officer in this country . 
 Never , he'd once told Joyce , had he encountered any man or situation that called for a gun . 
 And he really feels that way , she thought . 
 That's really all he's got , all he is . 
 Just a big pile of self-confidence in an almost UNK package . 
 If I could make myself feel the same way 
 She studied him hopefully , UNK ; ; 
 against the UNK background of sky and UNK it was easy to confirm her analysis . 
 Here in the UNK place , the UNK end of nowhere , Tom Lord looked almost insignificant , almost UNK . 
 He was handsome , with his UNK hair and eyes , his UNK features . 
 But she'd known plenty of UNK guys , and , UNK his good looks , what was there left ? ? 
 He wasn't a big man ; ; 
 rather on the medium side . 
 Neither was he very powerful of build . 
 He could move very quickly , she knew ( although he seldom found occasion to do so ) , but he was more wiry than truly strong . 
 And his relatively small hands and feet gave him an almost delicate appearance . 
 Just nothing , she told herself . 
 Just so darned sure of himself that he puts the Indian sign on everyone . 
 But , by UNK , I want him and I'm going to have him ! ! 
 He caught her eye , came back around the car with the UNK ; ; 
 UNK , UNK walk . 
 Why did these UNK still wear boots , anyway , when most had scarcely sat a horse in years ? ? 
 He slid in at her side , tucked a cigar into his mouth , and politely UNK one to her . 
 `` Oh , cut it out , Tom '' ! ! 
 She snapped . 
 `` Can't you stop that stupid UNK for even a minute '' ? ? 
 `` This ain't your brand , maybe '' , Lord suggested . 
 `` Or maybe you just don't feel like a cigar '' ? ? 
 `` I feel like getting back to town , that's what I feel like ! ! 
 Now , are you going to take me or am I supposed to walk '' ? ? 
 `` UNK get there faster UNK '' , Lord UNK , `` UNK as how I got a UNK front spring . 
 On the other hand , UNK , maybe you wouldn't either . 
 I UNK it's UNK a UNK walk , and I UNK maybe get this spring patched up in a couple of hours '' . 
 `` How -- with what ? ? 
 There's nothing out here but rattlesnakes '' . 
 `` Now , ain't it the truth '' ? ? 
 Lord laughed with secret amusement . 
 `` Not a UNK thing but rattlesnakes , so I reckon I'll get the boss UNK to help me '' . 
 `` Tom ! ! 
 For God's sake '' ! ! 
 `` UNK '' . 
 He pointed , cutting her off . 
 `` See that UNK '' ? ? 
 She saw it then , the distant UNK of the UNK -- a test well in unexplored country . 
 And even with her limited knowledge of such things , she knew that the car could be repaired there ; ; 
 sufficiently , at least , to get them back into town . 
 A UNK had to be prepared for almost any emergency . 
 He had to depend on himself , since he was invariably miles and hours away from others . 
 `` Well , let's get going '' , she said impatiently . 
 `` I '' -- She broke off , frowning . 
 `` What did you mean by that UNK gag ? ? 
 Getting the boss UNK to help you '' ? ? 
 `` Why , I meant what I said '' , Lord declared . 
 `` What else would I mean , UNK '' ? ? 
 She looked at him , lips compressed . 
 Then , with a UNK of pretended indifference , she took a compact from her purse and went through the motions of fixing her make-up . 
 In his mood , it was the best way to handle him ; ; 
 that is , to show no curiosity whatsoever . 
 Otherwise , she would be UNK into a UNK -- UNK and provoked until she lost control of herself , and thus lost still another battle in the UNK struggle of Tom Lord UNK Joyce UNK . 
 The car lurched along at a UNK crawl , the UNK UNK banging and scraping against the tire , occasionally scraping against the road itself . 
 Lord whistled UNK as he fought the steering wheel . 
 He seemed very pleased with himself , as though some intricate scheme was working out exactly as he had planned . 
 Along with this self-satisfaction , however , Joyce sensed a growing tension . 
 It poured out of him like an electric current , a feeling that the muscles and nerves of his UNK body were UNK for action , and that that action would be all that he anticipated . 
 Joyce had seen him like this once before -- more than once , actually , but on one particularly memorable occasion . 
 That was the day that he had practically mopped up the main street of Big UNK with Aaron McBride , field boss for the Highlands Oil & Gas Company . 
 Tom had been laying for Aaron McBride for a long time , just waiting to catch him out of line . 
 McBride gave him his opportunity when he showed up in town with a pistol on his hip . 
 He had a legitimate reason for wearing it . 
 It was UNK for Highlands , and he was packing a lot of money back into the oil fields . 
 Moreover , as long as the weapon was carried openly , the sheriff's office had made no previous issue of it . 
 `` So what's this all about '' ? ? 
 He demanded , when Lord confronted him . 
 I'm not the only man in town with a gun , or the only one without a permit '' . 
 It was the wrong thing to say . 
 By failing to do as he was told instantly -- to take out a permit or return the gun to his car -- he had played into Lord's hands . 
 The trouble was that he had virtually had to protest . 
 The deputy had forced him to by his manner of UNK him . 
 So , `` How about it '' ? ? 
 He said . 
 `` Why single me out on this permit deal '' ? ? 
 `` Well , I'll tell you about that '' , Lord told him . 
 `` We aim UNK be UNK , UNK ? ? 
 Don't like to bother no one unless we have to , which I UNK we do , in your case . 
 UNK we got to be plumb careful with any of you Highlands big shots '' . 
 McBride UNK . 
 He himself had heard that there was UNK money in the company , but that had nothing to do with him . 
 He was an honest man doing a hard job , and the implication that he was anything else was unbearable . 
 `` Look , Lord '' , he said hoarsely . 
 `` I know you've got a grudge against me , and maybe I can't blame you . 
 You think that Highlands UNK you and I helped 'em do it . 
 But you're all wrong , man ! ! 
 I'm no lawyer . 
 I just do what I'm told , and '' -- 
 `` UNK . 
 UNK that could mean trouble with a fella that's UNK for UNK . 
 So you get rid of that pistol right now , UNK McBride . 
 You do that or take you out a permit right now '' . 
 McBride couldn't do either , of course . 
 Not immediately , as the deputy demanded . 
 Not without a face-saving UNK of at least a few minutes . 
 To do so would make his job UNK impossible . 
 UNK workers were a UNK lot . 
 How could he exert authority over them -- make them toe the line , as he had to -- if he UNK under to this small-town UNK ? ? 
 `` I'll get around to it a little later '' , he mumbled desperately . 
 `` Just as soon as I go to the bank , and '' -- 
 `` UNK . 
 Now , UNK McBride '' , said Lord , and he laid a firmly restraining hand on the field UNK arm . 
 It was strictly the UNK game , but McBride had gone too far to throw in . 
 Now , he could only play the last card in what was probably the world's coldest deck . 
 He flung off Lord's hand and attempted to push past him , UNK shoving him into a UNK . 
 It was practically the last move that McBride made of his own UNK . 
 Lord slugged him in the stomach , so hard that the organ almost pressed against his spine . 
 Then , as he doubled , gasping , UNK the breakfast he had so lately eaten , Lord straightened him with an UNK . 
 A rabbit punch UNK him . 
 And then there was a UNK blow to the heart , and another UNK blow to the stomach 
 But he couldn't keep up with them . 
 No more could he defend himself against them . 
 He seemed to be fighting not one man but a dozen . 
 And he could no longer think of face-saving , of honor , but only of escape . 
 Why , he's going to kill me , he thought wildly . 
 I meant him no harm . 
 I've given UNK hurt to no man . 
 I was just doing my job , just following orders , and for that he's going to kill me . 
 UNK me to death in front of a hundred people . 
 Somehow more terrible than the certainty that he was about to die was the knowledge that Lord would probably not suffer for it : the murder would go UNK . 
 He , McBride , would be cited as in the wrong , and he , Lord , would go UNK , an officer who had only done his duty , though perhaps too UNK . 
 McBride staggered into the street , flopped sprawling in the UNK dust . 
 UNK , fleeing the UNK shadow of death , he scrambled to his feet again . 
 He couldn't see ; ; 
 he was long past the point of coherent thinking . 
 UNK , he heard laughter , UNK of derision , but he could not read the racket properly . 
 He could not grasp that Lord had withdrawn from the fight minutes ago , and that his UNK arms were UNK at nothing but the air . 
 He hated them too much to understand -- the people of this isolated UNK world that was Lord's world . 
 This , he was sure , was the way they would act ; ; 
 laughing at a dying man , laughing as a man was beaten to death . 
 And nothing would be done about it . 
 Nothing unless 
 Donna ! ! 
 Donna , his young wife , the girl who was both daughter and wife to him . 
 Donna was like he was . 
 She lived by the rules , never compromising , never blinded or UNK by circumstance . 
 And Donna would -- 
 When he regained consciousness he was in Lord's house , in the office of Doctor Lord , the UNK deceased father . 
 The Brannon outfit -- known as the UNK because of its brand -- reached UNK Creek before sundown . 
 The herd was watered and then thrown onto a broad grass flat which was to be the first night's UNK . 
 Two of the new hands , a Mexican named UNK UNK and a kid known only as UNK , were picked for the first trick of riding night herd . 
 The rest of the crew UNK their mounts and turned them into the UNK . 
 They got tin cups of coffee from the big pot on the UNK fire , rolled and lighted UNK cigarettes , UNK about . 
 There was some idle talk , a UNK discussion of this or that small happening during the day's drive . 
 But they deliberately avoided the one subject that had them all curious : the failure of the UNK wife and son to join the outfit . 
 It especially bothered the older hands . 
 The cook , UNK UNK , had arrived there long before the herd . 
 He'd started a fire and put coffee on , and now was busy at the work board of his chuck wagon . 
 He was UNK a batch of UNK biscuits for the Dutch oven . 
 Supper would be ready within the hour . 
 The Maguire family was setting up a separate camp nearby . 
 UNK had UNK the UNK from both Tom UNK and his father's wagon . 
 Hank had gathered wood for a UNK , and his wife was busy at it now . 
 Conchita kept an eye on the twins and little UNK , trying to keep them from falling into the creek by which they persisted in playing . 
 Conchita UNK at the younger children , attempting without success to keep her thoughts off Tom Brannon . 
 Tom Brannon had caught up with the outfit shortly after the UNK joined it , which had been at midday . 
 He'd come alone , without his wife and child . 
 He'd been in an angry mood : Conchita had thought his face almost ugly with the anger in him . 
 She wondered what had taken place in town , between him and his wife . 
 She wished that she could talk to her mother about it . 
 Not that her mother knew what had happened , but they could speculate upon it . 
 But her mother would UNK her if she mentioned it , and say that it was none of her concern . 
 `` Pat , get out of that creek ! ! 
 You too , UNK ! ! 
 UNK , you'll get mud all over your dress '' ! ! 
 Even as she called to the children , Conchita let her gaze seek Tom Brannon . 
 Tomas , she called him -- as the Mexican hands did . 
 He was in earnest conversation with her father and the old UNK , Luis Hernandez . 
 Whatever they are talking about ? ? 
 Conchita wondered . 
 It bothered her that she probably would never know . 
 Certainly , she wouldn't dare ask her father afterward . 
 He would tell her not to pry into UNK affairs -- as though she were a little kid like UNK ! ! 
 At the moment , the three men were not saying much of anything . 
 They were sitting on their heels , UNK , over by the still empty calf wagon . 
 Brannon was UNK down with his broad back to the left rear wheel , with the other two facing him . 
 He held a cigarette in his right hand . 
 It was burning away , forgotten . 
 His face was clouded with unhappiness . 
 He'd told Hank Maguire and Luis Hernandez about his wife's refusal to come with him and about what he now intended to do . 
 They were considering it gravely , neither seeming to like what he planned . 
 Finally Hernandez said , `` I could offer you advice , Tomas , but you wouldn't heed it '' . 
 `` Let's hear it , anyway '' . 
 `` Wait a little while . 
 Let UNK Brannon live in her father's house for a time . 
 Give her time to miss you . 
 Maybe she will then come to you . 
 After all , you want the UNK as much as you want the boy . 
 You need her even more than you need him '' . 
 `` She won't change her mind '' , Brannon said . 
 `` John Clayton will see to that '' . 
 `` But after a time away from you . 
 '' 
 `` A year , Luis ? ? 
 Five ? ? 
 Ten ? ? 
 How long should I wait '' ? ? 
 `` Maybe in a year , Tomas . 
 '' 
 `` In a year she'll like living in UNK house too much to come back to me '' , Brannon said flatly . 
 `` And the boy will be too much under his influence by then . 
 I've got to take Danny away from Clayton before I lose him altogether . 
 Hell , in a year or five or ten , the boy will have forgotten me -- his own father '' ! ! 
 `` But to take him and leave his mother behind is not good '' . 
 `` In my place , you'd follow such advice as you give me '' ? ? 
 Hernandez looked suddenly uncertain . 
 `` That I can't answer , for I can't imagine something like this happening to me . 
 Maybe I should withdraw my advice -- no '' ? ? 
 Brannon looked at Hank Maguire . 
 `` And you ? ? 
 What would you do in my place '' ? ? 
 Hank shook his head . 
 `` I don't know , Tom . 
 Like Luis , I can't see something like this happening to me . 
 With Maria and me , there's never any problem . 
 Where I go , she goes -- and the kids with us . 
 You're going to need your woman . 
 And the boy will need his mother . 
 If you take the one , you'd better take both '' . 
 Brannon shook his head . 
 `` I won't force Beth to come against her will . 
 But I'm going to have my son '' . 
 They were silent for a little while , each looking UNK . 
 Finally Luis Hernandez said , `` What must be , must be . 
 I am with you , of course , Tomas '' . 
 And Hank Maguire added , `` So am I , Tom '' . 
 `` All right '' , Brannon said , rising . 
 `` We'll ride out as soon as we've had chuck '' . 
 Brannon timed it so that they rode in an hour after nightfall . 
 They had for cover both darkness and a summer storm . 
 During much of the UNK ride they had watched a UNK display of lightning in the sky to the east . 
 Later , they'd heard the UNK of thunder and then , just outside UNK , they ran into rain . 
 Those who had UNK UNK them . 
 The others put on old coats or UNK jackets , whichever they carried behind their saddle UNK . 
 There were seven of them , enough for a show of strength -- to run a bluff . 
 It was to be nothing more than that . 
 There was to be no UNK . 
 If the bluff failed and they ran into trouble , Brannon had told the others , they would withdraw -- and he would come after his son another time . 
 He didn't want to put himself outside the law . 
 With him were Hank Maguire , Luis Hernandez , and UNK son UNK . 
 The UNK brothers were also along . 
 The seventh man was Red Hogan , a wiry little UNK with a wild streak and a liking for UNK . 
 They were all good men . 
 It was dark early , because of the storm . 
 Also because of the storm , the streets of UNK were deserted . 
 UNK windows glowed UNK through the UNK . 
 They UNK in before the town UNK office , a UNK building on Main Street . 
 A lamp burned inside , but Brannon , peering through the window , saw that the office was empty . 
 He'd hoped to catch UNK Macklin there . 
 `` Probably just stepped out '' , he said . 
 `` Maybe to have supper . 
 Red , come along . 
 The rest of you wait here '' . 
 With Red Hogan , he rode to the Welcome Cafe . 
 Hogan got down from the saddle and had a look inside . 
 `` Not there '' , he said , getting back onto his horse . 
 `` Maybe he's at the hotel '' . 
 They rode to the UNK House , a little farther along the opposite side of the street . 
 They UNK in there , Brannon remaining in the saddle while Hogan went to look for UNK Macklin in the hotel dining room . 
 Brannon had no UNK . 
 He'd put on his old brown UNK coat and it was already soaked . 
 But he felt no physical discomfort . 
 He was only vaguely aware of the UNK rain . 
 He hardly noticed the UNK flashes of lightning and the hard UNK of thunder . 
 Hogan UNK , stopped on the hotel porch , lifted a hand in signal . 
 Brannon dismounted and climbed the steps . 
 `` He's finished eating '' , Hogan said . 
 `` Sitting with a cup of coffee now . 
 It shouldn't be long '' . 
 It seemed long , at least to Tom Brannon . 
 He and Hogan waited by the door , one to either side . 
 Macklin was the third man to come out , and he came UNK . 
 He was UNK on a cigar , and he was turning up his coat collar against the rain . 
 It was not until he moved across the porch that he became aware of them , and then it was too late . 
 They closed in fast , kept him from reaching inside his coat for his gun . 
 `` Just come along '' , Brannon told him . 
 `` Don't start anything you can't finish '' . 
 `` Now , listen '' -- Macklin began . 
 `` We'll talk over at your office '' . 
 `` Brannon , I warn you '' ! ! 
 `` Let's go , Marshal '' , Brannon said , and took him by the arm . 
 Hogan gripped the UNK other arm . 
 They escorted him down from the porch and through the rain to his office . 
 The other five UNK men followed them inside , crowding the small room . 
 His face was stiff with anger when they let go of his arms . 
 He looked at each of them in turn , Brannon last of all . 
 `` I'll remember you '' , he said . 
 `` Every last one of you . 
 As for you , Brannon '' -- 
 `` Put your gun on the desk , Marshal '' . 
 `` Now , hold on , damn it ; ; 
 I won't '' -- 
 Red UNK patience ran out . 
 He lifted the skirt of UNK coat , took his gun from its holster , tossed it onto the desk . 
 `` Too much UNK around '' , he said . 
 `` Don't press your luck , UNK '' . 
 Brannon said , `` Now the key to the UNK , Marshal '' . 
 `` Key '' ? ? 
 Macklin said . 
 `` What for '' ? ? 
 `` Can't you guess '' ? ? 
 Brannon said . 
 `` We're putting you where you won't come to harm . 
 Come on -- the key . 
 Get it out '' ! ! 
 `` UNK if I will . 
 Brannon , you've assaulted a law officer and '' -- 
 They moved in on him , crowded him from all sides . 
 No man laid a hand on him , but the threat of violence was there . 
 His face took on a sudden UNK , became UNK with sweat , and he seemed to have trouble with his breathing . 
 He held out a moment longer , then his nerve gave under the pressure . 
 He swore , and said , `` All right . 
 It's here in my pocket '' . 
 `` Get it out '' , Brannon ordered . 
 Then , as Macklin obeyed : `` Now let's go out back '' . 
 UNK , Macklin turned to the back door . 
 They followed him into the rain and across to the squat stone building fifty feet to the rear . 
 The door of the UNK was of oak planks and UNK with UNK iron . 
 It was secured by an UNK UNK . 
 Macklin UNK again , not wanting to UNK and open the door . 
 They crowded him in that threatening way once more , forced him to give in . 
 Once the door was open , they crowded him inside the dark building . 
 He was UNK threats in a low but savage voice when they closed and UNK the door . 
 They returned to the street , mounted their horses , rode through the rain to the big house on Houston Street . 
 Its windows glowed with UNK . 
 Deputy Marshal UNK UNK still stood guard on the veranda , a UNK , UNK figure in the murky dark . 
 He came to the edge of the veranda , peered down at them with his hand on his gun . 
 `` Don't try it '' , Brannon told him , UNK and starting up the steps with his men following . 
 `` Don't get yourself killed for something that doesn't concern you '' . 
 He strode past the now frightened man , entered the house . 
 UNK and UNK UNK remained on the veranda to keep UNK from interfering . 
 The others followed Brannon inside . 
 They trailed him across the wide hallway to the parlor , four roughly UNK and UNK men who probably had never before ventured into such a house . 
 They brought to it all the odors that clung to men like themselves , that of their own sweat , of UNK smoke , of horses and cattle . 
 They UNK mud on the UNK floor , on the carpet . 
 Their presence UNK the elegance of that room . 
 And their arrival caught John Clayton and Charles UNK off guard . 
 The author of the anonymous notes seemed to be UNK . 
 For men who had left cattle alone after getting their first notices had received no second . 
 But the day of the deadline came and passed , and the men who had UNK at the warnings laughed with satisfaction . 
 For , with a single exception , nothing had happened to them . 
 The exception was an Iron Mountain UNK named William Lewis . 
 After walking out to his corral that morning , he'd been amazed to see the dust UNK up in front of his feet . 
 A split second later , the distant crack of a rifle had sounded . 
 He'd mounted up immediately and raced with a revolver ready toward the spot from which he'd estimated the shot had come . 
 But he had found all of the UNK and points of cover deserted . 
 There had been no sign of a rifleman and no track or trace to show that anyone had been near . 
 Lewis was a man who had made a full-time job of cow stealing . 
 He hadn't even pretended to be farming his spread . 
 His land had never been plowed . 
 He had done his rustling openly and boasted about it . 
 He had received both first and second anonymous notices , and each time he had accused his neighbors of writing them . 
 He had cursed at them and threatened them . 
 He was a man , those neighbors testified later , who didn't have a friend in the world . 
 William Lewis made the rounds of all who lived near him again , that August morning after a bullet landed at his feet , and once more he accused and threatened everyone . 
 `` I'll be ready next time '' ! ! 
 He raged . 
 `` I'll be UNK right back '' . 
 He had his chance the very next morning , for exactly the same thing happened again . 
 This time Lewis had his own rifle in his hands , and he threw some answering fire back at the mysterious UNK shot , then spent most of the day searching out the area . 
 He found nothing , but he still refused to give up and move out . 
 `` Just let me meet up with that damned UNK coward UNK '' ! ! 
 He exploded . 
 `` That's all I ask '' ! ! 
 He never got that chance . 
 For the unseen , UNK rifleman aimed a little higher the third time . 
 A bullet smashed directly into the center of William UNK chest . 
 He slumped against a log fence rail , then tried to lift himself . 
 Two more shots followed in quick succession , dropping him limp and huddled on the ground . 
 An inquest was held , and after a good deal of testimony about the anonymous notes , the county coroner estimated that the shooting had been done from a distance of 300 yards . 
 UNK of the offer Tom Horn had made at the UNK Association meeting had leaked out by then , and as a grand jury investigation of the murder got UNK , the UNK attorney , a Colonel Baird , ordered that the tall stock detective be summoned for questioning . 
 It took some time to locate Horn . 
 He was finally found in the Bates UNK region of UNK County , two counties away . 
 Prosecutor Baird immediately assumed he was hiding out there after the shooting and began preparing an indictment . 
 But that indictment was never made . 
 For Tom Horn , it turned out , had a number of rancher and cowboy witnesses ready and willing to swear with straight faces that he had been in Bates UNK the day of the killing . 
 The former UNK alibi couldn't be shaken . 
 The authorities had to release him . 
 He immediately rode on to UNK , threw a UNK drinking spree and dropped some very strong hints among friends . 
 `` Dead center at three hundred yards , that coroner said '' ! ! 
 He'd grin . 
 `` Three shots in that fella UNK he hit the ground ! ! 
 You reckon there's two men in this state can shoot like that '' ? ? 
 UNK , he denied everything . 
 UNK , he created and magnified an image of himself as a hired assassin . 
 For a UNK ring of terror to the very sound of his name was the tool he needed for the job he'd promised to do . 
 Tom Horn was soon back at work , giving his secret employers their UNK worth . 
 A good many UNK settlers were accepting the death of William Lewis as proof that the warning notes were not idle threats . 
 The company herds were being UNK less often , and cabins and UNK all over the range were standing deserted . 
 But there were other UNK who passed the Lewis murder off as a personal grudge killing , the work of one of his neighbors . 
 The rustling problem was by no means solved . 
 Even in the very area where the shooting had been done , cattle were still disappearing . 
 For less than a dozen miles from the UNK land of the dead man lived another UNK who had ignored the warnings that his existence might be UNK on -- a UNK and UNK rustler named Fred Powell . 
 `` Fred was mighty crude about the way he took in cattle '' his own hired man , Andy Ross , mentioned later . 
 `` Everyone knew it , but he sort of acted like he didn't care who knew it -- even after them notes came , even after he'd heard about Lewis , even after he'd been shot at a couple o' times UNK '' ! ! 
 On the morning of September 10 , 1895 , Powell and Ross rose at dawn and began their day's work . 
 UNK time was close at hand , and they needed some strong branches to repair a hay rack . 
 UNK a team to a UNK , they drove out to a UNK creek about a half-mile off , then climbed down and began chopping . 
 Andy Ross had just started swinging an ax at his second willow when the distant blast of a rifle sounded . 
 He looked around in surprise , then noticed that Fred Powell was clutching his chest . 
 The hired man ran over to help his boss . 
 `` My God , I'm shot '' ! ! 
 Powell gasped . 
 And he collapsed and died instantly . 
 Ross had no intention of searching for the assassin . 
 He heaved the dead man onto the UNK , yelled and UNK at the team and got out of there fast . 
 But he brought back the sheriff and several deputies , and to the UNK the entire affair seemed a repetition of the Lewis killing . 
 A detailed scouring of the entire area revealed nothing beyond a ledge of rocks that might have been the UNK hiding place . 
 There were no tracks of either hoofs or boots . 
 Not even an empty cartridge case could be found . 
 Once again , Tom Horn was the first and most likely suspect , and he was brought in for questioning immediately . 
 Once again , he shook his head , kept his face UNK and his voice very calm , and had a strongly supported alibi ready . 
 Later , riding in for some UNK enjoyment of the liquor and professional ladies of UNK , he laid claim to the killing with the vague UNK he made . 
 `` UNK cow thieves is just a business proposition with me '' , he'd UNK announce . 
 `` And I sort o' got a corner on the market '' . 
 `` Tom '' , a friend asked him once , `` how come you UNK them UNK ? ? 
 They wouldn't o' stood no chance with you in a plain , UNK UNK '' . 
 He had lots of friends , then as always . 
 Even as he became widely known as a professional killer , nearly every cowboy and rancher in Wyoming seemed proud to call him a friend . 
 No man's name brought more cheers when it was announced in a UNK . 
 `` Well '' , he explained , `` UNK you was a UNK UNK the long rope ? ? 
 Which would you be most UNK of -- a UNK or a UNK '' ? ? 
 `` Yeah , I can see that '' , the friend was forced to agree . 
 `` But well , it just don't seem UNK somehow '' ! ! 
 `` UNK '' ! ! 
 The tall UNK UNK stared in amazement . 
 `` UNK '' ! ! 
 He echoed again in soft wonder . 
 `` I seen a lot o' things in my time . 
 I found a trooper once the UNK had UNK on an ant hill , and another time we ran across some teamsters they'd caught , tied upside down on their own wagon wheels over little fires until their brains was exploded right out o' their UNK . 
 I heard o' Texas UNK UNK a cow thief up in green hides and UNK the sun shrink 'em and squeeze him to death . 
 But there's one thing I never seen or heard of , one thing I just don't think there is , and that's a UNK way o' UNK a man '' ! ! 
 After the first two murders , the warning notes were rarely ignored . 
 The lesson had been learned . 
 The examples were plain . 
 When Fred UNK brother-in-law , Charlie UNK , moved into the dead man's home , the anonymous letter writer took no chances on Charlie taking up where Fred had left off and wasted no time on a first notice : 
 If you don't leave this country within 3 days , your life will be taken the same as UNK was . 
 This was the message found UNK to the cabin door . 
 UNK left , within three days . 
 All through Albany and UNK counties , other men were doing the same . 
 UNK of settlers who'd treated the company herds as a natural resource , free for the taking , were sitting empty , with weeds growing high in their yards . 
 The small UNK tended fields of men who'd spent more time rustling cattle than farming were lying UNK . 
 No cow thief could count on a jury of his sympathetic peers to free him any longer . 
 Jury , judge and UNK were riding the range in the form of a single unknown figure that could UNK anywhere , at any time , to dispense an ancient brand of justice the men of the new West had believed long UNK . 
 For three straight years , Tom Horn UNK the southern Wyoming UNK , and how many men he killed after Lewis and Powell ( if he killed Lewis and Powell ) will never be known . 
 It is possible , although highly doubtful , that he killed none at all but merely let his reputation work for him by privately claiming every UNK murder in the state . 
 It is also possible , but equally doubtful , that he actually shot down the hundreds of men with which his legend credits him . 
 For that legend was growing UNK , Rumor was insisting he received a price of $600 a man . 
 ( The best evidence is that he received a monthly wage of about UNK , very good money in an era when top hands worked for UNK and found . 
 ) Rumor had it he slipped two small rocks under each victim's head as a sort of UNK . 
 ( A detailed search of old coroner's reports fails to UNK this in the slightest . 
 ) 
 One thing was certain -- his method was effective , so effective that after a time even the warning notices were often unnecessary . 
 The mere fact that the tall figure with the rifle and field glasses had been seen riding that way was enough to frighten three rustling UNK out of the Upper UNK country in a single week . 
 `` My UNK my stock in trade '' , Tom mentioned more than once . 
 He evidently couldn't UNK that it might be his downfall in the end . 
 He had made himself the UNK of the Devil to the UNK . 
 But to the UNK who had been facing bankruptcy from rustling losses and to the cowboys who had been faced with lay-offs a few years earlier , he was becoming a vastly different type of legendary figure . 
 Such ranchers as UNK and Clay and the UNK brothers carried him on their books as a cowhand even while he was receiving a much larger salary from parties unknown . 
 He made their spreads his headquarters , and he helped out in their UNK . 
 In the cow camps , Tom Horn was regarded as a hero , as the same kind of champion he was when he entered and invariably won the local UNK . 
 The hands and their bosses saw him as a lone knight of the range , UNK a dedicated crusade against a UNK new society that was threatening a beloved way of life . 
 The wailing , UNK UNK of the cattle kingdom made up songs about him . 
 By 1898 , rustling losses had been driven down to the lowest level ever seen in Wyoming . 
 When several minutes had passed and Curt hadn't emerged from the livery stable , Brenner UNK the hotel and faced Summers across the counter . 
 `` I have a little job for you , Charlie . 
 I'm sure you won't mind doing me a small favor '' . 
 UNK voice was oily , but Summers wasn't UNK . 
 He UNK his lips uneasily . 
 `` What is it you want me to do , Mr. Brenner '' ? ? 
 Brenner shrugged UNK . 
 `` It's very simple . 
 I just want you to take a message to Diane UNK . 
 Tell her to come here to the hotel '' . 
 UNK relieved , Summers nodded and started toward the door . 
 `` One thing , Summers '' , Brenner said . 
 `` You're not to mention my name . 
 Tell her Curt Adams wants to see her '' . 
 Summers pulled up short , and turned around . 
 `` I don't know , Mr. Brenner '' , he said UNK , beginning to get an UNK of UNK plans . 
 `` It doesn't seem quite right , telling her a thing like that . 
 UNK I just '' -- His voice trailed off into silence . 
 Brenner continued to smile , but his eyes were cold . 
 He turned and looked around at the lobby as though seeing things he hadn't before noticed . 
 `` You know , Summers '' , he said thoughtfully . 
 `` UNK UNK ought to have a fire company . 
 If someone were to drop a match in here , this place would go up like a UNK '' . 
 He started toward the stairway , then turned to add , `` Tell her to come to UNK room , that Adams is in trouble . 
 Tell her to hurry '' . 
 `` Yes sir '' . 
 His face pale , Summers headed for the street . 
 Curt's visit to the livery stable had been merely a precaution in case anyone should be watching . 
 He paused only long enough to ascertain that Jess's buckskin was still missing and that his own gray was all right , then climbed through a back window and dropped to the ground outside . 
 The fact that Jess's horse had not been returned to its stall could indicate that Diane's information had been wrong , but Curt didn't interpret it this way . 
 A man like Jess would want to have a ready means of escape in case it was needed . 
 Probably his horse would be close to where he was hiding . 
 From the back of the barn it was a simple matter to reach Black's house without using the street . 
 Curt approached the place cautiously , and watched it several minutes from the protection of a grove of trees . 
 There was a light in Black's front room , but drawn curtains prevented any view of the interior . 
 Curt circled the house and located a barn out back . 
 He could hear horses moving around inside , and nothing else . 
 There was no lock on the door , only an iron hook which he UNK . 
 He opened the door and went in , pulling it shut behind him . 
 Again he stood in the darkness listening , but there was only the UNK of a UNK UNK on a plank floor . 
 He moved ahead carefully , his left hand in front of him , and came to a wooden partition . 
 Horse smell was very strong , and he could hear the UNK of grain being ground between strong jaws . 
 He found a match in his pocket and lit it . 
 There were two horses in the barn , a UNK UNK and Jess UNK buckskin . 
 Curt UNK out the match . 
 It was certain now that Jess was in the house , but also , presumably , was UNK Black . 
 Curt wanted to get Jess alone , without interference from anyone , even as UNK a person as the store owner . 
 He studied the problem for a few seconds and thought of a means by which it might be solved . 
 Reaching across the side of the stall , he slapped the buckskin on the UNK . 
 The startled animal let out a terrified UNK and UNK around in the stall . 
 As Curt had hoped , the house door banged open . 
 He slapped the buckskin again and it kicked wildly , its hoofs rattling the side of the stall . 
 Curt moved over beside the door and waited . 
 Presently he heard footsteps crossing the yard , and Jess's smothered UNK . 
 The door swung open , and Jess said UNK , `` What the UNK the matter with you ? ? 
 '' 
 The horse continued to UNK . 
 Curt doubted that any animal belonging to Jess would find much reassurance in its UNK voice . 
 Jess cursed again , and entered the barn . 
 A match flared , and he reached above his head to light a lantern which hung from a wire loop . 
 As he crossed to the side of the stall , Curt drew his gun and clicked back the hammer . 
 `` Before you try anything '' , he said . 
 `` Remember what happened to UNK '' . 
 Jess caught his breath in surprise . 
 He started to reach for his gun , but apparently thought better of it . 
 `` That's the stuff '' , Curt said . 
 `` Just hold it that way '' . 
 He reached out to pull the door shut and fasten it with a sliding bolt . 
 `` You and I have a little talking to do , Jess . 
 You won't be needing this '' . 
 He moved up and lifted Jess's pistol out of its holster . 
 `` Damn you , Adams '' -- Jess was beginning to recover from his initial shock . 
 `` We ain't got nothing to talk about . 
 If I don't come back in the house , UNK going to '' -- 
 `` Your UNK brother isn't in the house . 
 About now he's probably having supper . 
 That long ride the four of you took UNK given him a good appetite . 
 Now turn around so I can see your face '' . 
 Jess turned . 
 There was raw fury in his eyes , and the veins of his neck were swollen . 
 `` You're about as dumb as they come , Adams . 
 I don't know what you're up to , but when Brenner '' -- 
 `` You can forget about Brenner , too '' , Curt said . 
 `` It's Ben Arbuckle we're going to talk about '' . 
 `` Arbuckle '' ? ? 
 Jess stiffened . 
 `` I don't know nothin' about him '' . 
 `` No ? ? 
 I suppose you don't know anything about a piece of UNK , either ; ; 
 one with blood all over it , UNK blood '' . 
 Curt's fingers put a little more pressure on the trigger of his gun . 
 `` So help me , UNK , I'd like to kill you where you stand , but , before I do , I'm going to hear you admit killing him . 
 Now start talking . 
 Who told you to do it ? ? 
 Was it Dutch Brenner '' ? ? 
 Curt was holding Jess's gun in his left hand . 
 He drew back his arm to UNK the UNK across Jess's face , but didn't finish the motion . 
 UNK an unarmed man might come easy to someone like Jess , but Curt couldn't bring himself to do it . 
 Apparently sensing this , and realizing that it gave him an advantage , Jess became bold . 
 `` Having all the guns makes you a big man , don't it , Adams ? ? 
 If we was both armed , you wouldn't talk so tough '' . 
 `` No '' ? ? 
 Curt reached out and dropped Jess's pistol back into the holster . 
 He retreated a step and UNK his own . 
 `` All right , UNK ; ; 
 we're on even terms . 
 Now draw '' ! ! 
 UNK UNK out on Jess's swarthy face . 
 The fingers of his right hand twisted into a UNK , but he didn't reach for the gun . 
 Curt , angry enough to be a little reckless , raised his hands shoulder high . 
 `` Does this make it any easier , coward '' ? ? 
 `` I ain't UNK against you '' , Jess said thickly . 
 `` I heard how you UNK UNK . 
 I ain't a UNK '' . 
 `` No . 
 You're the kind of bastard who UNK up on a man from behind and hits him with a club . 
 I just wanted to hear you say so '' . 
 Jess stared at him without answering and let his hands fall to his sides . 
 He had found Curt's weakness , or what to Jess was a weakness , and was smart enough to take advantage of it . 
 Somewhere in the distance , a woman screamed . 
 Curt was too involved in his own problems to pay much attention . 
 He had to make Jess talk , and he had to do it before UNK Black got curious and came to investigate . 
 Once more he lifted Jess's gun from its holster , only this time he tossed it into the stall with the frightened buckskin . 
 He dropped his own beside it . 
 `` We'll do it another way , then '' , he said harshly . 
 Jess's coarse features twisted in a surprised grin which was smashed out of shape by Curt's fist . 
 With a roar of pain and fury Jess made his attack . 
 Curt managed to duck beneath the man's UNK fist , and drove home a solid left to Jess's UNK . 
 It was like hitting a sack of salt . 
 UNK shot up Curt's arm clear to the shoulder , but Jess seemed hardly aware that he had been hit . 
 He slammed into the wall , bounced back , and caught Curt with a UNK right which sent him spinning . 
 An inch lower and it would have knocked him out . 
 As it was , his vision blurred and for a moment he was unable to move . 
 When his eyes began to focus , he saw Jess charging at him with a UNK . 
 Curt twisted to one side , and the UNK of the fork bit into the floor . 
 Jess wasted a few seconds trying to UNK them loose . 
 It gave Curt time to UNK to his feet . 
 The UNK broke off under Jess's twisting , and he swung the handle in an attempt to knock Curt's brains out . 
 His aim was hurried ; ; 
 so the UNK whistled over Curt's head . 
 By now Curt was seeing clearly again . 
 He stepped inside Jess's guard and landed two blows to the big man's belly , putting everything he had behind them . 
 They made Jess double over . 
 When his head came down , Curt grabbed him by the hair and UNK him head first into the wall . 
 The building shook , setting the lantern to UNK , and the buckskin to pitching again . 
 Even Black's old UNK began to UNK , and from the house Black yelled , `` Jess ! ! 
 What's going on out there '' ? ? 
 Jess didn't seem too sure himself . 
 He lurched drunkenly to his feet , lowered his head , and took one step away from the wall . 
 Curt caught him flush on the nose with a blow which started at the floor . 
 Jess had had enough . 
 Blood gushed from his nose , and he backed off as rapidly as he could , stumbling over his own feet in his frantic haste to get away from Curt's fists . 
 Curt was in almost as bad shape , but he wouldn't quit . 
 He backed Jess into a corner , grabbed a handful of the man's UNK , and drew back his right fist . 
 `` Tell me about Arbuckle ! ! 
 You killed him , didn't you '' ? ? 
 `` It was UNK idea '' , Jess mumbled , UNK at his nose . 
 `` He found out about you and Arbuckle talking . 
 He wanted to show the town what happened to anyone who tried to start trouble '' . 
 `` You mean anyone who stood up for his rights '' , Curt said . 
 He let go of the shirt , and Jess slumped to the floor . 
 Turning his back , Curt crossed to the stall , reached over to UNK the UNK UNK rope , and waved his hand in the UNK face . 
 The buckskin bolted out of the stall . 
 Curt moved in and picked up his gun . 
 He shook loose straw out of the action , and placed the gun in his holster . 
 Leaving Jess's where it lay , he left the stall . 
 `` Get up , UNK . 
 We're going someplace '' . 
 Jess painfully got to his feet as someone UNK the door . 
 `` Who's in there '' ? ? 
 Black called fearfully . 
 Curt opened the door , grabbed Black by the shoulder , and pulled him into the barn . 
 `` You're staying right here for a while . 
 This dirty coward just admitted killing Arbuckle . 
 I'm going to let him tell it to somebody else '' . 
 He shoved Black toward the stall , and pointed his pistol at Jess . 
 `` Get out of here . 
 You're coming along peacefully , or I'll put a bullet in your leg '' . 
 Jess stumbled through the door . 
 Curt followed , reaching behind him to shut the door and hook it . 
 Black would have little trouble getting out , but it might delay him a few minutes . 
 `` UNK you UNK me '' ? ? 
 Jess asked UNK . 
 `` We're going to Marshal UNK house . 
 Maybe if the marshal hears this himself , it'll make a difference . 
 Somebody in this town must still have some backbone '' . 
 Over his shoulder he could see UNK loose grin and the UNK UNK faces . 
 `` UNK '' , he whispered . 
 `` Soon as we send them on their way and make camp , let's you and me go for a walk down by the UNK -- all by ourselves '' . 
 `` Sally '' , UNK her mother , `` you've got all evening to visit with Dan . 
 His wounds need dressing now '' . 
 Mrs. UNK words recalled Dan to his lack of fitness for UNK . 
 What a spectacle he was , UNK with dirt and sweat and blood , filthy as a pig and naked as an Indian , kissing the finest , the UNK , the UNK , and absolutely the prettiest girl in this whole wonderful world . 
 He released her reluctantly for her enthusiastic reunion with Old UNK . 
 `` Got a lot to tend to , but I'll get back quick as I can '' , he assured her . 
 Dan could hear Clayton Burnside and UNK Jackson UNK up their final UNK for rental on the oxen . 
 Jackson was doing most of the talking . 
 So long as UNK UNK was coming out best on the UNK , Dan didn't feel the need of putting in his UNK worth . 
 Soon as the Burnsides moved on , he'd lead Rex down by the river ; ; 
 there he could shave and scrub himself up for the evening . 
 Damn it , he thought bitterly , picking up his shirt and staring at the fresh bullet hole in the sleeve . 
 If I hadn't got Nate stopped when I did , my UNK all be shot plumb to hell ! ! 
 He UNK , picked up his ruined hat , and UNK his lips thoughtfully . 
 From the way the wound in his head was UNK , Dan knew that it would UNK . 
 But his only hat was something else again . 
 `` Nate ! ! 
 Nate '' ! ! 
 He shouted . 
 The Burnsides , now ready to roll , were UNK deaf to his cry . 
 `` Nate '' ! ! 
 He bellowed to the retreating back directly in front of him . 
 `` I ain't going to fight you no more '' . 
 Nate turned his head , attempting to speak in a UNK voice . 
 `` I know you ain't '' ! ! 
 Dan affirmed , feeling ten feet tall . 
 He moved in close , jerked the handsome , UNK UNK hat from UNK head and clamped it on his own . 
 `` Here's a present for you '' , he said , shoving his UNK hat down over UNK UNK forehead . 
 `` Me and UNK trading hats so's you'll have something permanent to remember me by '' ! ! 
 Sally left her UNK to stand beside Dan . 
 UNK her hand in his , they silently watched the Burnsides make the bend in the road and disappear from sight . 
 Much as they had to look forward to , they didn't UNK a moment of the time they spent seeing them go . 
 At first Matilda could not believe her own eyes . 
 She had spent too many hours looking ahead , hoping and longing to catch even a glimpse of Dan and finding nothing but UNK . 
 And now she could see him , looking uncommon handsome , standing there beside Sally Jackson and her folks in front of their UNK wagon . 
 Seeing them waiting there at the foot of UNK Rock was so overwhelming that , for a good minute after they rounded the bend and started down the grade leading toward them , Matilda could not speak at all . 
 Then , with a glory that almost wiped out the deep , downward UNK in her UNK face , Matilda leaned over the wheel and shouted to Hez , who was stumbling along in the heat and the dust on the opposite side of the wagon `` Pa ! ! 
 Pa ! ! 
 I can see Dan . 
 And he's with the UNK '' ! ! 
 `` What about Burnsides '' ? ? 
 Hez asked , who still believed they'd have them to UNK . 
 `` They ain't even in sight '' ! ! 
 She replied . 
 By then Hez could see for himself , and so could the others . 
 Soon they were all shouting greetings , UNK smiles , and rejoicing to think that they were all back together again . 
 But even a reunion as joyous as this one did not make a break in the UNK of the day . 
 Nor could they stop and find out about all that had happened until they made circle , tended the cattle , UNK the horses , gathered fuel , carried water , and started their cooking fires . 
 Then , and only then , with the UNK and Dan as their true guests of honor , did the UNK take time to catch up on the news . 
 No sooner did they hear of UNK injury than both Gran and Matilda went into immediate action . 
 The wound in his scalp was examined , pronounced healing , and well doctored with UNK , before they UNK up the UNK . 
 From then on , in keeping with the traditions they had followed since childhood , the whole group settled down to relish their food . 
 Even Sally , in spite of her gaiety and obvious welcome , followed the old UNK of `` quitting the UNK when wearing the UNK '' . 
 After their supper , the evening turned into a regular `` UNK '' . 
 Only , they carefully substituted old country folk dances for the Virginia UNK and square dances that were so popular among more worldly trains in the great westward migration . 
 But with Bill O'Connor on the UNK , and Gran UNK UNK shouting `` UNK Be '' and `` UNK '' above their united UNK of the UNK old ballads , they played their quaint folk games with all the fervor and abandon of a real celebration . 
 `` UNK '' , Rod exclaimed to Harmony as he UNK stood by her side among the UNK spectators , `` don't that UNK make you wish the Bible didn't say us Baptists can't dance '' ? ? 
 `` Nor UNK , neither '' , she replied . 
 `` Not that it matters to me , being this far along '' . 
 Rod gave her a warm UNK on the shoulder before he replied . 
 `` Come spring , you'll be kicking up your heels and feeling UNK again too , UNK '' . 
 At these words of sympathy and understanding , Harmony said generously , `` I don't mind setting here along with Gran while you go out and join in the games '' . 
 Rod shifted his eager eyes from the milling group out in the circle long enough to reply , `` I ain't much of a hand for UNK and UNK , but I'd sure like to get in on the UNK and UNK '' . 
 He looked down at his big hands and slowly UNK his long fingers . 
 `` Don't reckon there's nobody out there , UNK maybe Dan , who can UNK me , Harmony '' . 
 With Rod on his way and Matilda visiting with Mrs. Jackson while they searched out familiar names on the face of the cliff , Harmony settled on the edge of the UNK box , to ease the pressure of her swollen body on her UNK legs , and worried about all that might have happened to Sally . 
 And she was deeply thankful that she could see her now , out there in the midst of a gay , youthful circle , UNK and singing , `` UNK in the UNK , UNK in the UNK , UNK the UNK , the farmer in the UNK '' . 
 At the sight of UNK happy face and carefree expression , UNK dark , brooding eyes quickly UNK with UNK tears . 
 She was glad , completely and UNK glad , to see that things were working out the right way for both Sally and Dan . 
 And she really tried to go a step further and say she hoped they'd be just as right as they now were for her and for Rod . 
 But she couldn't , not yet . 
 Not with the memory of her folks and the lost UNK still holding her close . 
 Out in the center of the circle the farmer , who was Dan , wasted no time when they came to the line , `` The farmer choose his wife '' . 
 With a swift UNK of his big arms , he grabbed Sally out of the circle surrounding him , and then kissed her UNK before setting her down so she could stand by his side while they jointly chose the rest of their `` outfit '' . 
 Soon the child , the dog , the cat and even the cheese , all joined them out there in the circle . 
 By now Harmony could see that most of the adults in the train were UNK and resting , or else UNK off from the games by the challenging lure of the great cliff towering above them . 
 No matter how many UNK rocks they came to on this journey , each one exerted its own appeal . 
 Even strange names seemed to make them feel closer to some kind of civilization when stumbled across out here in this wilderness . 
 Already a few hardy folk from their own train were UNK chipping away at the register rocks , leaving their own records along with those made by the earlier trains . 
 Soon she saw Rod and Hez moving over to join them . 
 No sooner were they through and the guards posted , than the whole camp turned in for a night of sound sleep . 
 For Matilda , it was the first she had known in many a night . 
 Even the knowledge that she was losing another boy , as a mother always does when a marriage is made , did not prevent her from having the first carefree , UNK sleep that she had known since they dropped down the canyon and into Bear Valley , way , way back there when they were crossing those other mountains . 
 Next morning , they moved on again . 
 `` My UNK UNK '' ! ! 
 Gran UNK exclaimed , watching their UNK muscles as Rod and Dan swung her up into the load . 
 `` A body would swear I floated right up here on a cloud '' ! ! 
 Rod and Dan released their holds on the arms of her UNK rocker and exchanged embarrassed UNK . 
 `` UNK , Gran '' , they said almost in UNK . 
 `` That wasn't nothing at all '' ! ! 
 UNK forward in her chair , Gran UNK UNK UNK face . 
 `` How's Sally like UNK UNK that UNK little UNK UNK UNK '' ? ? 
 `` UNK UNK him , Gran '' , Rod protested . 
 `` I ain't UNK him '' ! ! 
 Gran peered again at the UNK blond mustache shadowing UNK upper lip . 
 `` But UNK , I've seed more hair than that on a piece o' bacon '' . 
 The two tall brothers waited silently while their mother handed Gran her cold snack and water jug , placed the chamber pot beside her feet , and returned to her place at the front of the wagon with Alice . 
 `` UNK worse , Pa '' ? ? 
 Dan asked Hez , who had UNK back from his team to hold the UNK chair braces in place while his boys swung up the UNK and tied it tight at the ends . 
 `` My right UNK stiff as a board this morning '' , he replied . 
 `` But the UNK UNK it UNK me UNK we UNK to rolling '' . 
 The three men stepped out to the side to wait for Captain UNK signal . 
 Hez looked up at the high face of UNK Rock , official UNK for the UNK River UNK , and UNK , `` Seems funny that them Burnsides never took time to leave their UNK up UNK '' . 
 `` UNK what made them hurry so '' , Rod UNK , giving Dan a sly wink . 
 Dan grinned , and changed the subject . 
 `` From now on , Sally and me and her folks aim to give you our turn when it comes up and fall in behind you and UNK outfit '' . 
 `` Ain't no sense you eating our dust '' , Rod protested . 
 `` Sally and her UNK want to trade off on account of Harmony being so far along '' , Dan explained . 
 `` Jackson recruited his UNK , and him and me fixed up his wagon while we was waiting for you to catch up . 
 He's got the UNK running gear in the train now . 
 Besides , UNK no UNK right for me to follow with my black oxen , so's I can UNK and pull up fast if either of you get in a pinch '' . 
 Captain UNK signal shot sent the men hurrying to their waiting teams . 
 `` UNK UNK right , Dan '' , Hez called back over his shoulder . 
 `` I'll shore be needing ye both on the pull out o' the canyon '' . 
 Rod looked UNK ahead at the narrowing , UNK UNK . 
 `` We'll double teams zigzagging up the mountain , Harmony '' , he spoke UNK , concerned by the pinched look around her mouth . 
 `` Like enough we'll all be up on top by sundown '' . 
 Out of the corner of his eye , he could see his father's wheels beginning to turn . 
 Before Harmony had a chance to reply , Rod cracked his long whip over his thin UNK backs . 
 While no larger than Dutch Springs , this mining supply town had the appearance of being far UNK and more prosperous . 
 Men crowded the streets and freight rigs and teams were moving about . 
 Although they were forced to maintain a UNK watch , this activity enabled them to ride in and rack their UNK without any particular attention being paid them . 
 `` UNK be UNK forth in some bar if he's here at all '' , Cobb declared , glancing along the street as they stretched their legs . 
 There were no less than six or seven saloons in UNK , not counting the lower class UNK , all UNK for the trade of celebrating miners and teamsters . 
 Pat only nodded . 
 `` Take one side of the street , and I'll take the other '' , he proposed . 
 `` If you spot Carmer give a yell before you move in '' . 
 UNK assent was tight . 
 `` You do the same . 
 It's all I ask , Stevens '' . 
 UNK , they took different sides of the main drag and systematically combed the bars . 
 Russ visited two places without result and his blood pressure was down to zero . 
 Suddenly it seemed to him insane that they might hope to locate Gyp Carmer so casually , even were he to prove the thief . 
 He UNK out of the UNK UNK with his hopes UNK , and headed UNK for the Palace UNK , the last place of any consequence on this side of the street . 
 The Palace was an elaborate establishment , built practically on UNK in front , with long flights of wooden steps running up to the porch . 
 Behind its UNK facade the notorious dive clung like a UNK nest to the rocky ribs of the UNK . 
 Russ ran up the steps quickly to the plank porch . 
 The front windows of the place were long and narrow , reaching nearly to the floor and UNK an unusually good view of the interior . 
 UNK for the UNK , Cobb glanced UNK through the nearest window , and suddenly UNK aside . 
 UNK tight as a UNK , he paused to gather his wits . 
 Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the UNK and already so UNK that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him . 
 UNK anger surged through Russ . 
 He fought down the impulse to rush in and collar the vicious UNK on the spot . 
 Reaching the porch rail beyond view of the bar windows , he UNK scanned the busy street below . 
 Stevens was nowhere in sight . 
 UNK an exclamation , Russ sprang to the nearest steps and ran down . 
 As luck had it , he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared . 
 `` What luck , Cobb '' ? ? 
 He said swiftly . 
 Russ pointed upward . 
 `` He's there '' , he got out UNK , UNK his rising excitement . 
 UNK his cartridge belt around , Pat glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with Cobb at his side . 
 UNK the steps steadily , they reached the top and headed for the door . 
 Pat pushed through first . 
 UNK behind him momentarily , Russ followed at once and halted two steps inside . 
 His eyes widened . 
 While five minutes ago the place had presented a scene of easy UNK , with Gyp Carmer a prominent figure , it was now as UNK and dull as the day before UNK . 
 Carmer himself was nowhere to be seen . 
 A man knocked the roulette ball about idly in its track , and another dozed at one of the card tables . 
 Two men murmured with their heads together at the end of the bar , while the UNK bartender absently polished a glass . 
 Looking the setup over , Stevens started coolly for the rear of the place . 
 `` Where UNK goin' '' ? ? 
 It was the UNK . 
 UNK , Pat turned to survey him deliberately . 
 He did not reply , going on toward the back . 
 Less assured than the tall , UNK man in the lead , Cobb followed UNK , a hand on his gun butt . 
 The bartender measured this situation with heavy eyes and decided he wanted no part of it . 
 He said no more . 
 A hall opened in back of the bar , running toward an UNK . 
 Pat moved into it . 
 Small rooms , probably for cards , opened off on either side . 
 All the doors were open at this hour except one , and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder . 
 The door was locked . 
 A single kick made it spring open , UNK . 
 Pat saw Gyp Carmer staggering forward , a UNK bottle UNK as if to strike . 
 Russ sprang through to bat it UNK aside . 
 With a UNK Carmer lunged at him . 
 But he was more than UNK , and his faculties were UNK . 
 Cobb UNK a single powerful UNK that sent Gyp UNK wildly and crashing down with a whining UNK . 
 He started to struggle up , heaving desperately . 
 Russ gave him a brutal thrust that tumbled him over flat on his stomach . 
 UNK , Cobb planted a sturdy knee in the small of his back , holding him pinned . 
 `` Okay , Stevens . 
 I've drawn his UNK '' , he snapped . 
 `` Go through his pockets , will you ? ? 
 If we have to we'll take him apart and see what he's made of '' ! ! 
 UNK methodically , Pat pulled pocket after pocket inside out without finding a thing . 
 Cobb watched this with hunted eyes , his desperate hope UNK by the moment . 
 Stevens was UNK over the last empty pocket when Russ abruptly rose and lunged toward UNK hat , which had tumbled UNK feet away when he first fell . 
 Cobb got it . 
 UNK up , his eyes UNK , he held out the battered UNK . 
 `` Look at this '' ! ! 
 Inside the crown , stuffed behind the stained UNK , could be seen thin , crumpled UNK of currency . 
 UNK ingenious UNK for his UNK had been found . 
 `` By UNK , Stevens ! ! 
 You were right '' , Russ exclaimed , tearing the loose bills out of UNK hat . 
 `` That is , if we can be sure this is UNK money '' -- 
 Pat grunted . 
 `` Where else would he get it ? ? 
 Count what you've got there , Cobb . 
 We can soon tell '' . 
 Russ ran through the bills and named an amount it was highly unlikely any UNK would come by honestly . 
 Pat nodded . 
 `` It's within a hundred of what UNK had '' , he declared . 
 `` We know Penny spent some -- and Carmer must have dropped a few dollars getting that load on '' . 
 UNK the money over , Russ wiped his hands on his UNK as if UNK himself of something unclean . 
 His glance at Gyp Carmer was UNK . 
 `` Shall we get out of here '' ? ? 
 Leaving the card room , they moved back through the Palace the way they had come . 
 UNK looks met them in the bar , but there was no attempt to halt them . 
 UNK in the outside door to glance behind him , Pat looked his UNK warning and stepped out . 
 He and Cobb clattered down the high steps to the street . 
 Neither spoke till they reached their horses . 
 Pat paused there , looking across at the young fellow . 
 It'll be a pleasure for you to return this money to UNK and tell him about it , Russ '' . 
 He started to return it . 
 To his faint surprise Russ held up his hand . 
 `` Not me '' , he ruled decidedly . 
 I've had enough . 
 It was you that UNK it down anyway , Stevens '' , he pursued strictly . 
 `` I'll UNK along home '' . 
 `` Whatever you say '' . 
 Pat swung into the saddle , yet still he delayed , his brows UNK . 
 `` You owe it to Penny to give her a chance to explain that she was defending you , really '' , he observed mildly . 
 `` Old UNK wasn't '' , UNK Cobb UNK . 
 `` He'll know when you tell him . 
 But I want this to sink in awhile . 
 Then maybe next time he won't be so quick on the trigger '' . 
 `` Pat had never pretended to give advice in such affairs . 
 `` You're the doctor '' , he returned with a smile . 
 `` But I still think UNK an awful nice girl , Russ '' -- 
 `` You don't have to tell me '' , flashed Cobb . 
 UNK the other a dark look , he hauled his UNK around and trotted down off the street . 
 Pat let him go , following more leisurely . 
 At the first restaurant he sensibly pulled up to go in for his dinner , and as a consequence did not see Cobb strike the open range at the mouth of the canyon and head straight across the swells for UNK . 
 The truth was , the UNK was both bewildered and UNK by his own mixed luck . 
 `` UNK always glad to see me over there '' , he mused UNK . 
 Yet had he not visited the girl at UNK Buck he would never have been involved in this latest tangle . 
 Over and above that , however , was his growing suspicion of Chuck UNK part in recent events . 
 `` Gyp Carmer couldn't have known about UNK money unless he was told -- and who else would have told him '' ? ? 
 He asked himself . 
 `` It's the second time War UNK hands made a play for that money . 
 How much of an accident could that be '' ? ? 
 UNK home , he jerked to attention at the distant crack of a gun . 
 In town no one paid much attention to an occasional shot ; ; 
 but on the range gunfire had a meaning . 
 UNK up , Russ listened carefully . 
 Two minutes later it came again -- a double explosion , followed by a third , UNK more distant . 
 As near as Cobb could determine the shots came from the direction of the UNK ranch house . 
 He tightened up in a UNK . 
 So far as he knew , only his father could be there . 
 What did it mean ? ? 
 UNK UNK to the UNK he set off at a sharp UNK , with growing alarm . 
 His first glimpse of the ranch house across the UNK swells told him nothing . 
 Still a UNK away , the fresh UNK of guns only served to increase his speed . 
 UNK a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee UNK past close to his face . 
 When it was followed by a second , whining even closer , Cobb UNK sharply aside into a depression . 
 He knew now what he was up against . 
 Whoever was out there hiding in the UNK cover was UNK the UNK house and , having spotted his approach , was determined to drive him off before he could get into the fight . 
 UNK himself for having ridden out the last few days without a rifle in his saddle boot , Russ drew his Colt and examined it briefly . 
 If he wondered whether the UNK would allow him to pull away UNK , he had his answer a moment later . 
 `` Over this way ! ! 
 He ain't gone far '' ! ! 
 A harsh cry floated to him across the brush . 
 A carbine cracked more loudly , and a slug UNK fragments from the brush off at one side . 
 The would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close . 
 UNK , Russ looked about hastily . 
 Toward the west this depression led toward a draw . 
 UNK his pony , he hurried that way , not UNK till he was well below the level of the surrounding range . 
 UNK up then , and bending forward over the horn , he urged his mount down the UNK draw . 
 He had not covered a hundred yards before a gun crashed from somewhere behind . 
 He had been sighted , and his attacker pumping shot after shot . 
 A shot or two went wild before Cobb felt something UNK at his foot . 
 A slug had torn half of his UNK away . 
 A second twitched his UNK , and he felt a brief burn on his upper arm . 
 Another snarled close overhead . 
 `` UNK Jerusalem ! ! 
 Let's get out of here '' ! ! 
 At the first shot Russ had hurled his mount to the left toward the side of the winding draw . 
 The long minute before he reached effective cover seemed endless . 
 UNK a look around , he saw that he was safe for the moment . 
 He heard cries from behind him , but he could make out no words . 
 He dashed madly for the next elbow turn in the draw , and made it . 
 UNK hurling the UNK sidewise into an UNK draw , he plunged forward with UNK speed . 
 Gradually the wash climbed upward , forcing him toward open range . 
 Yet he must chance it . 
 He clambered out of the dwindling wash , the loose dirt flying behind him , and flashed a look about . 
 Early in November the clouds lifted enough to carry out the assigned missions . 
 And Sweeney UNK put its first marks on the combat record . 
 Every plane that could fly was sent into the air . 
 UNK took eight ships and went south across the UNK and along the north coast of UNK to UNK . 
 Anything the enemy flew or floated was his target . 
 UNK with eight was to patrol the Leyte Gulf area , with his main task to get any UNK before they got to the ships . 
 Greg himself took two flights , with Todman leading the second , to patrol and look for targets of opportunities around UNK on the east coast of Leyte . 
 Each plane carried two UNK pound bombs . 
 A weapons carrier took Greg , Todman , UNK , UNK Ferguson , and UNK and the others the two miles from the bivouac area to the strip . 
 It was a rough long ride through the mud and pot holes . 
 No one had much to say . 
 The sky UNK down at them . 
 There was a feeling that this mission would be canceled like all the others and that this muddy wet dark world of combat would go on forever . 
 The truck dropped them off at the various UNK spread through the jungle . 
 Donovan snatched Greg's UNK from him with a belligerent motion and almost ran to the plane with it . 
 His face was dark as the sky above it as he stood on the wing and waited for his pilot . 
 Greg climbed into the cockpit feeling as if he had never been in one before . 
 But his hands and those of Donovan moved automatically adjusting and arranging in the UNK procedure . 
 `` I've got her as neat as I can '' , Donovan said , as he dropped the UNK of the UNK harness over Greg's shoulders . 
 `` But this goddamn climate . 
 It's for UNK not airplanes '' . 
 `` We'll make out . 
 Don't you worry , chief '' , Greg replied , wondering if he himself believed it . 
 `` Yeah . 
 See you '' , Donovan said as he jumped off the wing . 
 The expression was his UNK , his open sesame to good luck , and his prayer that pilot and plane would always return . 
 At the UNK time , Greg started the engine and UNK out . 
 From the time the UNK were pulled until the plane was out of sight , he knew Donovan would keep his back to the strip . 
 He wondered where the superstition had originated that it was bad luck for a crew chief to watch his plane take off on a combat mission . 
 Yet long before the scheduled time for return , Donovan would be watching for every speck in the sky . 
 Greg UNK down the rough metal taxi strip , and one by one the seven members of his flight fell in behind him . 
 The dark brown bombs hanging under each wing looked large and powerful . 
 The UNK heads looked UNK small . 
 The control tower gave him immediate take-off permission , and the clean roar of the engine that took him off the rough strip spoke well of the skill of Donovan . 
 Greg's mission was the last to leave , and as he circled the ships off UNK he saw the clouds were dropping down again . 
 To the west , the dark green hills of Leyte were lost in the clouds about halfway up their slopes . 
 Underneath him the sea was a dark and UNK gray . 
 Water UNK against his windshield as he led the flight in and out of UNK . 
 The metal strip they had taken off from was coal black against the green jungle around it . 
 He possessed the fighter UNK horror of bad weather and instrument flying , and he wondered , if the ceiling did drop , whether he and the other flights would be able to find their way back in this unfamiliar territory . 
 He shivered in the warm cockpit . 
 The overcast was solid above him . 
 As far as he could see there was no hole to climb through it . 
 They would have to go west through the narrow river valley that separated Leyte from UNK and hope that it didn't close in before they returned . 
 Greg pushed the radio button on his throttle . 
 `` Todman , let's try to go under this stuff . 
 Stay in close and we'll go up the valley '' . 
 `` Roger , Sweeney '' , Todman called back , and pulled his four in and slightly above Greg . 
 Greg took the formation wide around three UNK attack bombers that were headed north over the Gulf . 
 He dropped down to five hundred feet , swinging a little north of the city of UNK , and UNK into the opening that showed against the mountain . 
 The valley was only a few hundred yards wide with just about room enough for a properly performed UNK turn . 
 It was only a UNK flight , but before it was through Greg felt himself developing a case of UNK . 
 The ceiling stayed solid above them at about eight hundred feet , and at times the sheer UNK seemed about to close in . 
 If the other pilots were worried , they did not show it . 
 The formation remained perfect . 
 When the sea was visible ahead of them , the relief was as great as if the sun had come out . 
 He spread the flight out and led them across a point of land and then down the coast . 
 Although they drew light ground fire they saw no signs of activity . 
 Once Todman thought he had spotted a tank and went down to investigate while Greg covered him . 
 `` Somebody beat us to it '' ! ! 
 Todman said over the radio as he came back up in formation . 
 UNK continued to be limited , and Greg was never able to get above a thousand feet . 
 It was UNK . 
 His UNK were constantly full of the sounds of enemy contacts made by other flights . 
 He thought once that he identified the somewhat hysterical voice of UNK claiming a kill . 
 But Greg's area remained as placid as a Florida dawn . 
 Finally , as time began to run out , he headed into UNK and UNK a group of houses that Intelligence had thought might contain Japanese supplies . 
 The low clouds made bombing difficult . 
 There was not enough room to make the usual vertical bomb run . 
 The accuracy was UNK . 
 One of Greg's bombs hung up , and he was miles from the target before he could get rid of it . 
 Only one of the flight scored a direct hit and the rest blew up jungle . 
 With their load of bombs gone , the planes moved swiftly and easily . 
 Greg went up tight against the ceiling and led them back to their pass to home . 
 UNK , it was still open . 
 Like a man making a deep dive , Greg took full breath and plunged back into the valley . 
 He was about to make a gas check on his flight when UNK voice broke in : `` UNK ! ! 
 Three UNK . 
 UNK o'clock level '' . 
 Greg's eyes flicked up from his instrument panel . 
 He saw them , UNK against the gray , but closing fast . 
 They were headed straight for each other on a collision course . 
 Friend or enemy ? ? 
 The same old question . 
 And only a few seconds to answer it . 
 `` UNK '' ! ! 
 Todman said excitedly , and hopefully . 
 And then he thought Todman might be right . 
 His mind flicked through the mental pictures he had from the hours of Aircraft UNK . 
 He narrowed the shape down to two : either a UNK or a U. S. Navy type aircraft . 
 If it were the enemy , UNK his position was correct . 
 Japanese aircraft were strong on UNK , American on speed and UNK . 
 His present maximum altitude , up against the overcast , gave him the opportunity to exploit his advantages . 
 But it also made him conspicuous to the enemy , if it was the enemy , and he hadn't been spotted already . 
 But the closing aircraft showed no sign of UNK from their original course . 
 In seconds , Greg made his decision . 
 He pushed the radio button . 
 `` Sweeney Blue , hit the deck . 
 UNK of throttle . 
 Todman , you take the one on the left . 
 I'll take the middle . 
 UNK , the one on the right . 
 If they're Japs . 
 Let's make sure first '' . 
 Greg had the stick forward and the throttle up before he heard the two `` Rogers '' . 
 The planes , light with most of the gas burned out , responded beautifully . 
 Greg's UNK indicator was over 350 when he leveled off just above the trees . 
 The opposing aircraft continued to come on . 
 They appeared to be the enemy . 
 Greg wished the Air Corps had continued to UNK planes . 
 There was , of course , no way for the other planes to get by them . 
 It was a box . 
 But they could turn and escape to the east . 
 Greg pushed the radio button again . 
 `` Todman , drop your second element back . 
 If any of us miss , they can pick up the pieces . 
 Now let's make sure they're Japs '' . 
 Even as he said it , Greg knew they had found the enemy . 
 The shapes were unmistakable and the UNK UNK were showing up , slightly brighter UNK in the gray gloom . 
 Greg slapped his hand across the switches that turned on the guns and gun camera and gun sight . 
 The circle with the dot in the center showed up yellow on the reflector glass in front of him . 
 His hands shook . 
 `` UNK your guns , UNK '' . 
 `` They're Japs . 
 They're Japs '' , came a high-pitched voice . 
 `` Greg to Sweeney Blue . 
 One pass only . 
 No turns . 
 You'll bust your ass in this canyon . 
 That's an order '' . 
 He moved the flights over against one wall . 
 It gave them all a chance to make a high-speed climbing turn attack and a UNK that would not take them into the overcast or force a UNK recovery . 
 If the turn was too tight , a barrel roll would bring them out . 
 A hell of an altitude for a barrel roll , but it could be done . 
 Greg slammed his throttle to the fire wall and UNK up the UNK , and the engine responded as if it had been waiting . 
 The clearly identifiable enemy continued on as if no one else were around . 
 `` They haven't seen us '' , Greg yelled to himself over the engine noise . 
 `` They haven't seen us '' . 
 He hit the radio button . 
 `` Now , UNK , now . 
 Let's take 'em home '' . 
 He hauled back on the stick and felt his cheeks sag . 
 Out of the corner of his eye , he watched his UNK move out a bit and shoot up with him . 
 UNK , he thought . 
 With the rapid rate of UNK , the approach from below , the side , and ahead , there would be only a moment when damage could be done . 
 Just like shooting at a duck while performing a UNK from a UNK board . 
 He tightened his turn . 
 His nose up . 
 It was going to be dangerous . 
 Eight aircraft in this small box . 
 Please , dear God , make my pilots good , he prayed . 
 He took a lead on the enemy , using a distance of five of the radii in his circular sight and then added another . 
 The enemy did not UNK . 
 It did not seem possible that they hadn't been spotted . 
 UNK fools . 
 Now ! ! 
 Greg's fingers closed on the stick trigger . 
 The plane UNK and slowed . 
 Six red lines UNK their way into the gray and vanished . 
 As if drawn by a wire the enemy flew into them . 
 Greg tightened his turn until the plane shuddered . 
 UNK was with him . 
 His burst held for a second on the engine section of the plane . 
 The UNK UNK flew off in pieces . 
 A large piece of engine UNK vanished . 
 It was all Greg had time to see . 
 His maneuvering for the shot had placed him near the overcast , almost UNK and heading up into the clouds . 
 His speed was dropping rapidly . 
 If he spun out now , he would join his opponent on the ground . 
 UNK , stay clear , he prayed . 
 He pushed stick and UNK and entered the overcast on his back . 
 He fought the panic of UNK . 
 He had no idea which was up and which was down . 
 He held the controls where they had been . 
 UNK popped out over him and he felt the slick between his palm and the stick grip . 
 His air speed dropped until he thought he would spin out . 
 Over the rattling of UNK , humming of tires and chattering of UNK there was a charming melody of whispers and tiny giggles . 
 Cool air moving slowly through the open or UNK side windows hinted of blooming roadside UNK , and occasionally a faint fragrance of perfume swirled from the back seat . 
 `` Moriarty '' , my driver suddenly exclaimed with something so definite , so final in his tone I once more repeated the absurdity , UNK all my latent powers of hypocrisy to sound convinced . 
 We were coming to an intersection , turning right , UNK to a stop . 
 UNK to realize that this was the end of a very short line I scanned a road marker and discovered what the end of a slightly longer line would be for the old Mexican : Moriarty , New Mexico . 
 `` UNK . 
 Adios '' , I said , UNK my Spanish vocabulary on my host and UNK one of a UNK store of smiles with my host's daughters . 
 I waved with discretion and UNK to the vague golden faces fading through rising dust and the UNK of the back window glass . 
 Then I saw the father's head slightly turn ; ; 
 UNK UNK shapes replaced the poignant UNK of gold . 
 UNK UNK past . 
 UNK and UNK drivers stared conspicuously toward the eastern horizon and past my UNK and accusing gaze . 
 Suddenly a UNK auto horn UNK , and , UNK hopefully , I saw UNK in windshield flash : red lips , streaming silk of blonde hair and -- ah , trembling confusion of hope , apprehension , despair -- the leering face of old UNK . 
 `` UNK '' , he shrieked , his white teeth grossly UNK those of the glittering blonde . 
 Over the UNK outline of a jump seat piled high with luggage UNK black UNK was just discernible , near , or UNK near that spot where -- hidden -- more UNK , most beautifully UNK hair must still be streaming back in cool , oh cool wind sweetly UNK with UNK and UNK flowers and engine fumes . 
 Damn his luck . 
 I would have UNK my romantic chances rather than leave a friend UNK and dusty and -- Well , at least I wouldn't have shouted back a taunt . 
 Still nursing anger I UNK UNK a car that was slowly approaching , its pre-war chrome nearly UNK me . 
 It was stopping . 
 Just as I straightened up with my UNK bag , I heard : `` UNK UNK , meet Mrs. Major J. A. Roebuck '' . 
 The voice was that of Johnson , tail UNK off another crew . 
 UNK a look between Johnson's fat jowls and the car frame a handsome and still UNK lady inquired `` UNK UNK '' ? ? 
 I nodded . 
 `` UNK one UNK '' , Mrs. Roebuck continued . 
 `` UNK goin UNK UNK UNK UNK in Sante Fe , an UNK UNK UNK the UNK UNK . 
 But UNK Johnson has UNK said it UNK make no UNK UNK '' . 
 I said that it didn't make any difference to me either , as far as I knew . 
 How far I knew will shortly become apparent . 
 Let me pass over the trip to Sante Fe with something of the same speed which made Mrs. Roebuck `` UNK if the UNK speed limit '' ( 35 m.p.h. ) `` is still in UNK '' . 
 I let up on the accelerator , only to gradually reach again the 60 m.p.h. which would , I hoped , UNK UNK and the blonde , and as there were cars whose drivers apparently had something more important to catch than had I , Mrs. Major Roebuck settled down to practicing on UNK Johnson the UNK UNK she would need when making her duty call on Colonel and Mrs. Somebody in Sante Fe . 
 When Johnson UNK `` UNK my buying us all a nice cold UNK , UNK '' ? ? 
 Mrs. Roebuck UNK declined and began suddenly to go on about her son , who was `` UNK a little UNK than you UNK '' . 
 Johnson never would have believed she had a son that age . 
 Mrs. Roebuck thought Johnson was a `` sweet UNK UNK UNK UNK '' , but her Herman was getting to be a man , there was no getting around it . 
 `` Just UNK he left UNK his UNK we UNK UNK UNK on the UNK , Major Roebuck an Ah , an UNK says ' May Ah UNK one too ' ? ? 
 Just as UNK an -- an UNK , an Ah says ' Uh UNK you UNK ' , but he says ' UNK UNK , you ah UNK one ' ? ? 
 An Ah UNK UNK him an so Ah said ' UNK right , Ah UNK , an his UNK UNK UNK one UNK an UNK UNK was gone , the UNK laughed an UNK me UNK he an the UNK had been UNK an occasional drink UNK UNK a yeah , UNK an occasional one , but just the same it was UNK UNK back , an Ah UNK think UNK UNK at all , UNK '' ? ? 
 `` No , I don't '' , Johnson said . 
 `` I'm a good Baptist , and drinking '' 
 Mrs. Roebuck very kindly let me drive through Sante Fe to a road which would , she said , lead us to UNK and then UNK and `` UNK '' out of New Mexico . 
 How lightly her `` UNK '' passed into the UNK where I was storing dialect material for some vaguely dreamed UNK , and how the word would echo . 
 And UNK . 
 Hardly had Mrs. Roebuck driven off when a rusty UNK truck , father or grandfather of UNK `` UNK '' Ford UNK , came screeching to a UNK stop , and a brown face appeared , its nose threatened by UNK of what had once been the side window . 
 `` Get in , buddies . 
 Get in '' . 
 The straight , black hair flopped in a vigorous nod , the slender nose plunged toward glass teeth and drew safely back . 
 Johnson UNK the right hand door , whose window was , like the left one , merely UNK fragments of glass , and Johnson UNK himself into a narrow seat made still more narrow by three cases of beer . 
 `` In back , buddy '' , the driver said to me . 
 UNK but carefully lowering my UNK bag over the low UNK , I stepped on the running board ; ; 
 it flopped down , sprang back up and UNK my UNK . 
 The truck was hurtling forward . 
 I seized the rack and made a UNK UNK just in time , one of my knees UNK landing on my UNK bag -- and merely wrecking my camera , I was to discover later -- my other knee landing on the UNK truck floor boards and -- but this is no medical report . 
 I was again in motion and at a speed which UNK the UNK similarity to UNK UNK Ford turtle . 
 Maybe I would beat old UNK to Siberia after all . 
 Whatever satisfaction that might offer . 
 Something pulled my leg . 
 I drew back , drawing back my foot for a kick . 
 But it was only Johnson reaching around the wire chicken fencing , which half covered the truck UNK UNK rear window . 
 The way his red rubber lips were stretched across his UNK little teeth I thought he was only having a little joke , but , no , he wanted me to bend down from the roar of wind so he could roar something into my ear . 
 `` UNK beer '' ? ? 
 `` Hell , yes '' , I roared back between dusty lips . 
 Did I want a beer ? ? 
 Did an UNK want ants ? ? 
 `` UNK , UNK . 
 UNK '' , I UNK , my first long swallow filling me with confidence and immediately doubling the size of my Spanish vocabulary . 
 At once my ears were drowned by a flow of what I took to be Spanish , but -- the driver's white teeth flashing at me , the road wildly UNK beyond his glistening hair , beyond his UNK bottle -- it could have been the UNK Oxford English I was half hearing ; ; 
 I wouldn't have known the difference . 
 Johnson was trying to grab the wheel , though the UNK of the truck was throwing him away from it . 
 White teeth suddenly vanishing , the driver slammed the side of his bottle against Johnson's ear . 
 We were off the road , gleaming barbed wire pulling taut . 
 I ducked just as the first strand broke somewhere down the line and came whipping over the UNK . 
 We were in a field , in a tight , screeching turn . 
 Prairie dogs were popping up and popping down . 
 When I fell on my back , I saw a vulture UNK . 
 Just as I got to my knees , there was again the sound of the fence stretching , and I had time only to start taking my kneeling posture seriously . 
 This time no wire came whipping into the truck . 
 We were back on the road . 
 I regained my squatting position behind the truck UNK rear window . 
 Johnson's left hand was pressed against the side of his head , red cheeks UNK beneath his fingers . 
 `` UNK '' , the driver UNK , his black eyes glittering behind dull silver chicken fencing . 
 `` That was UNK I was talking . 
 You thought I was a Mexican , didn't you , buddy '' ? ? 
 I nodded . 
 `` Hell , that's all right , buddy '' , the Indian ( I now guessed ) said . 
 `` UNK your beer '' . 
 UNK , the bottle was still in my hand , foam still UNK over my ( UNK ) UNK watch . 
 No sooner had I started drinking than the driver started zigzagging the truck . 
 The beer foamed furiously . 
 I drank furiously . 
 A long time . 
 UNK the bottle . 
 UNK again flashing back at me , the driver released a deluge of Spanish in which `` UNK '' appeared every so often like an island in the stormy waves of surrounding sound . 
 I UNK my head each time it appeared . 
 Suddenly the Spanish became an English in which only one word emerged with clarity and precision , `` son of a bitch '' , sometimes UNK by vicious UNK of a beer bottle into Johnson's quivering ribs . 
 A big car was approaching , its chrome teeth grinning . 
 Beyond it the gray road stretched a long , long way . 
 The car was just about to us , its driver's fat , solemn face intent on the road ahead , on business , on a family in Sante Fe -- on anything but an old UNK truck in which two human beings desperately needed rescue . 
 I tossed the bottle . 
 High , so it would only bounce UNK but loudly off the car's steel roof . 
 Too high . 
 On UNK roadway the bottle shattered into a small UNK flash . 
 `` UNK '' ! ! 
 The Indian was again raising his bottle , but to my astonished relief -- probably only a fraction of Johnson's -- the bottle this time went to the Indian's lips . 
 Another car was coming , a tiny , dark shape on a far hill . 
 I started looking on the UNK truck bed for a piece of board , a dirt UNK -- anything I could throw and with better aim than I had thrown the beer bottle . 
 We were slowing . 
 In the ditch sand was white and UNK , only an occasional UNK discernible , faintly gleaming . 
 But Johnson couldn't quickly UNK the truck door , and if I escaped , he might suffer . 
 The car was approaching fast . 
 On the truck bed there was nothing smaller than a piece of rusty machinery ; ; 
 with more time I could have loosened a small UNK or UNK pin -- 
 Suddenly and not a second too soon I thought of the coins in my pocket . 
 There was no time to pick out a penny ; ; 
 I got a coin between my thumb and forefinger , leaned my elbows in a very natural and casual manner on top of the truck cab and UNK my little missile . 
 There was a UNK just under my focus of vision , a crash ; ; 
 the car's far windshield panel turned into a silver web with a dark hole in the center . 
 I heard the UNK of brakes behind me , an insane burst of laughter beneath me . 
 Looking back I saw a UNK man getting out of his halted car and trying to read our license number . 
 `` UNK '' . 
 Johnson's fat hand , another bottle were UNK from the truck cab , and that UNK Baptist UNK , had a bottle at his own lips . 
 Two cars came over a crest , their chrome and glass flashing . 
 The Indian's arm whipped sidewise -- there was a flash of UNK and UNK , the crash of the bottle shattering against the side of the first car . 
 UNK shrieked behind us . 
 I saw Johnson's bottle snatched from his hand , saw it go in a UNK of foam just behind the second car . 
 This time there was no sound of brakes but the UNK of women . 
 I looked back at pale UNK framed in the elongated oval of the car's rear window . 
 `` UNK , you son of a bitch '' ! ! 
 I quickly turned around and began to drink . 
 But the Indian was UNK another bottle toward Johnson . 
 I guided her to the divan , turned off the TV , faced her . 
 She sat quietly , staring at me from the wide eyes . 
 And what eyes they were . 
 Big and dark , a melting , golden brown . 
 Eyes like hot honey , eyes that UNK . 
 Plus UNK skin , smooth brow and cheeks , lips that looked as if you could get a shock from them . 
 It was a UNK familiar face , too , but I couldn't remember where we had met . 
 I said , `` Do we know each other , Miss '' ? ? 
 `` No , I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here , and when it happened all I could think of was '' -- This time she stopped the rush of words herself . 
 `` I'm sorry . 
 Shall I go on '' ? ? 
 She smiled . 
 It was her first smile . 
 But worth waiting for . 
 `` Sure '' . 
 I said . 
 `` But one word at a time , O.K. '' ? ? 
 She was still hugging the stained coat around her , so I said , `` UNK , let me take your things . 
 Would you like a drink , or coffee '' ? ? 
 `` No , thanks '' . 
 She stood up , pulled the coat from her shoulders and started to slide it off , then let out a high-pitched scream and I let out a UNK , UNK sound like a UNK blowing out . 
 She was wearing nothing beneath the coat . 
 She jerked the coat back on and squeezed it around her again , but not soon enough . 
 There had been a good second or two during which my UNK had been blowing out , and now I was certain I'd seen her somewhere before . 
 `` I forgot '' ! ! 
 She UNK . 
 `` Oh , do forgive me . 
 I'm sorry '' ! ! 
 `` I forgive '' -- 
 `` That's what started all the trouble in the first place . 
 Oh , dear , I'm all UNK '' . 
 `` You and me both , dear . 
 UNK we haven't I seen you . 
 I mean , surely we've '' -- 
 `` You may have seen me on TV '' , she said . 
 `` I've done several filmed commercials for '' -- 
 Then it hit me . 
 `` UNK '' ! ! 
 I cried . 
 `` Why , yes . 
 And you recognized me '' ? ? 
 `` Yes , indeed . 
 In fact , I was watching you on that little UNK screen when you rang my bell . 
 Man , you rang -- it was in color , too , Miss , and Miss ? ? 
 What's your name , anyway ? ? 
 Ah , you were splendid '' . 
 I sat by her on the divan . 
 `` UNK . 
 In a UNK and all that '' . 
 `` That's the last one we did . 
 That was a fun one '' . 
 `` I'll bet . 
 It was fun for me , all right . 
 I don't mean to pry , but do they hide the UNK with the bubbles ? ? 
 I mean : Is advertising honest ? ? 
 `` It depends on who does it . 
 I never wear anything at all . 
 It wouldn't -- wouldn't seem fair , somehow '' . 
 `` I couldn't agree with you more '' . 
 `` I really do have something important to tell you , Mr. Scott . 
 About the murder '' . 
 `` UNK ? ? 
 Oh , yeah '' , I said . 
 `` Tell me about the murder '' . 
 She told me . 
 UNK was the creation of two men , Louis Thor and Bill Blake , partners in zing ! ! 
 , Inc. . 
 They'd UNK the soap virtually alone , and without much success , until about a year ago , when -- with the addition of `` UNK '' to their secret formula and the UNK of a UNK advertising campaign -- sales had soared practically into orbit . 
 Their product had been endorsed by Good UNK , the A.M.A. , and the UNK Journal , among other UNK of higher wisdom , and before much longer if you didn't have a cake of their soap in the UNK , even your best friends would think you didn't bathe . 
 My lovely UNK -- Joyce Holland was her name -- had previously done three filmed commercials for zing , and this evening , the fourth , a super production , had been filmed at the home of Louis Thor . 
 The water in Thor's big swimming pool had been covered with a blanket of thick , UNK UNK -- fashioned , of course , from zing -- Joyce had dived from the board into the pool , then swirled and UNK in her luxurious `` bath '' while cameras rolled . 
 The finished -- and drastically cut -- product would begin with a hazy UNK of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool's surface clad in layers of lavender UNK , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; ; 
 even to clean men and boys . 
 Joyce went on , `` When we'd finished , Lou -- Mr. Thor -- asked me to stay a little longer . 
 He wanted a few UNK for magazine ads , he said . 
 Everybody left and I stayed in the pool , then Lou came back alone and leaped into the pool too . 
 And he didn't have any clothes on '' . 
 `` He didn't '' ! ! 
 `` Yes , he didn't . 
 Did , I mean '' . 
 She paused . 
 `` Did leap into the pool , and didn't have anything on . 
 Anyway , it was evident what he had in mind '' . 
 `` You got away , didn't you '' ? ? 
 `` Yes . 
 He caught up with me once and grabbed me , but I was all covered with zing -- it's very slippery , you know '' . 
 `` I didn't know . 
 I wouldn't have the stuff in the house . 
 But I'm pleased to hear '' -- 
 `` So I just scooted out of his UNK . 
 I swam like mad , got out of the pool , grabbed my robe , and ran to the car . 
 The keys were still in it , and I was miles away before I remembered that my clothes and purse and everything were still in the little UNK where I'd changed '' . 
 She'd driven around for a while , Joyce said , then , thinking Louis Thor would have calmed down by that time , she'd gone back to his home on UNK UNK Drive , parked in front , and walked toward the pool . 
 While several yards from it , still concealed by the UNK , she'd seen two men on her left at the pool's edge . 
 She went on : 
 `` A man was holding onto Lou , holding him up . 
 Maybe Lou was only unconscious , but right then I thought he must be dead . 
 The man shoved him into the water , then ran past the UNK . 
 There's a walk there that goes out to UNK Drive . 
 I was so scared well , I just ran to my car and came here '' . 
 `` You know who the other man was '' ? ? 
 `` No , I never did see his face . 
 I didn't get a good look at him at all , his back was to me , and I was so scared It was just somebody in a man's suit . 
 But I'm sure the other one was Lou '' . 
 What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes -- and UNK containing her identification . 
 She realized I'd have to notify the police , but UNK hoped I could avoid mentioning her name . 
 Her impact in the zing commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an UNK TV series , UNK Western UNK , a UNK show to be sponsored by UNK UNK . 
 But if Joyce got involved in murder or UNK scandal , the role would probably go to the UNK wife , Mrs. UNK UNK . 
 Or at least not to Joyce . 
 `` And I so want the part '' , she said . 
 `` The commercials have just been for money , there hasn't been any real incentive for me to do them , but in UNK Western UNK I'd have a chance to act . 
 I could show what I can do '' . 
 As far as I was concerned , she had already and had UNK shown what she could do . 
 But I promised Joyce I would mention her name , if at all , only as a last resort . 
 UNK much relieved , she smiled one of those UNK smiles , and I smiled all the way into the bedroom . 
 There I got my Colt Special and shoulder harness , slipped my coat on , and went back into the front room . 
 Joyce UNK a little on the divan . 
 `` I'm starting to itch '' , she said . 
 `` UNK '' ? ? 
 `` Yes , I'm still all covered with that soap . 
 I was loaded with suds when I ran away , and I haven't had a chance to wash it off . 
 UNK , it sure UNK '' . 
 `` You might as well wait here while I'm gone , so you can use my shower if you'd like '' . 
 `` Oh , I'd love to '' . 
 I showed her the shower and tub , and she said , smiling , `` If you really don't mind , I think I'll get clean in the shower , then soak for a few minutes in your tub . 
 That always UNK me . 
 UNK it you '' ? ? 
 `` Only when I do it '' . 
 I shook my head . 
 One of my virtues or vices is a sort of three-dimensional imagination complete with sound effects and glorious living color . 
 `` UNK as long as you want , Joyce . 
 It'll probably be at least an hour or two before I can check back with you . 
 So you'll have everything all to yourself , UNK '' 
 I looked at my watch . 
 Ten after nine . 
 Time to go , I supposed . 
 `` Well , goodbye '' , I said . 
 `` UNK . 
 You'd better hurry '' . 
 `` Oh , you can count on that '' . 
 She smiled slightly . 
 UNK . 
 UNK . 
 `` Don't hurry too much . 
 I'll be soaking for at least half an hour '' . 
 That was all she said . 
 But suddenly those UNK eyes seemed to have everything but UNK of bees in them . 
 However , when there's a job to be done , I'm a UNK of grim determination , I like to think . 
 I spun about and clattered through the front room to the door . 
 As I went out , I could hear water pouring in the shower . 
 Hot water . 
 She wouldn't be taking a cold shower . 
 Hell , she couldn't . 
 UNK UNK Drive is only two or three miles from the UNK , and it took me less than five minutes to get there . 
 But the scene was not the quiet , calm scene I'd expected . 
 Four cars were parked at the curb , and two of them were police radio cars . 
 UNK UNK in the big house and surrounding grounds . 
 I followed a UNK gravel path alongside the house to the pool . 
 Two uniformed officers , a couple of UNK I knew , and two other men stood on a gray cement area next to the pool on my left . 
 At the pool's far end was the little UNK Joyce had mentioned , and on the water's surface floated scattered lavender patches of UNK UNK . 
 A few yards beyond the group of men , a man's nude body lay face down on a patch of thick green UNK . 
 Lieutenant UNK , one of the UNK , spotted me and said , `` Hi , Shell '' , and walked toward me . 
 `` UNK you hear about this one '' ? ? 
 I grinned , but ignored the question . 
 He didn't push it ; ; 
 UNK worked out of Central Homicide and we'd been friends for years . 
 He filled me in . 
 A call to the police had been placed from here a couple of minutes after nine P.M. , and the first police car had arrived two or three minutes after that -- 10 minutes ago now . 
 Present at the scene -- in addition to the dead man , who was indeed Louis Thor -- had been Thor's partner Bill Blake , and UNK Rose , an advertising agency executive who handled the zing account . 
 Neither of them , I understood , had been present at the UNK session earlier . 
 `` What were they doing here '' ? ? 
 I asked UNK . 
 `` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine UNK for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this UNK stuff '' . 
 `` Yeah , I've heard more about UNK than space exploration lately . 
 What is the UNK '' ? ? 
 `` How would I know ? ? 
 It's a secret . 
 That was the new advertising angle -- something about a UNK of London policy to insure the secrecy of the secret ingredient . 
 Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' -- He stopped and looked at Thor's body . 
 I said , `` O.K. , so now only Blake knows . 
 How's it strike you , foul or fair '' ? ? 
 `` Can't say yet . 
 Deputy coroner says it looks like he sucked in a big pile of those thick suds and strangled on 'em . 
 The UNK might show he drowned instead , but that's what the UNK gives us . 
 UNK , murder , suicide -- take your pick '' . 
 `` I'll pick murder . 
 Anything else '' ? ? 
 `` According to Rose , he arrived here a couple minutes before nine and spotted Thor in the water , got a hooked pole from the UNK locker and started UNK him out . 
 Too many people think that the primary purpose of a higher education is to help you make a living ; ; 
 this is not so , for education offers all kinds of dividends , including how to pull the wool over a husband's eyes while you are having an affair with his wife . 
 If it were not for an old professor who made me read the classics I would have been UNK on what to do , and now I understand why they are classics ; ; 
 those who wrote them knew people and what made people UNK . 
 I worked for my Uncle ( an Uncle by marriage so you will not think this has a mild UNK of incest ) who ran one of those antique shops in New Orleans' UNK UNK , the old French UNK . 
 The arrangement I had with him was to work four hours a day . 
 The rest of the time I devoted to painting or to those other activities a young and healthy man just out of college finds interesting . 
 I had a UNK studio which overlooked an ancient courtyard filled with flowers and plants , blooming UNK in the southern sun . 
 I had come to New Orleans two years earlier after graduating college , partly because I loved the city and partly because there was quite a noted art colony there . 
 When my Uncle offered me a part-time job which would take care of my normal expenses and give me time to paint I accepted . 
 The arrangement turned out to be excellent . 
 I loved the city and I particularly loved the gaiety and spirit of UNK UNK . 
 I had seen two of them and we would soon be in another UNK , joyous celebration with romance in the air ; ; 
 and , when you took a walk you never knew what adventure or pair of sparkling eyes were waiting around the next corner . 
 The very faces of the people bore this expectation of fun and pleasure . 
 It was as if they could hardly wait to get into their costumes , cover their faces with UNK and go UNK . 
 My Uncle and I were not too close socially because of the difference in our ages . 
 Sometimes I wondered vaguely what he did about women for my Aunt , by blood , had died some years ago , but neither of us said anything . 
 One Monday morning I saw him approach the store with a woman and introduce me to her as my new Aunt . 
 They were married over the week-end , though he was easily sixty and she could not have been even thirty . 
 She looked more like twenty-five or six . 
 It was really a May and December combination . 
 My new Aunt was perhaps three or four years older than I and it had been a long time since I had seen as gorgeous a woman who UNK sex . 
 There was something about the contour of her face , her smile that was like New Orleans sunshine , the way she held her head , the way she walked -- there was scarcely anything she did which did not UNK me . 
 Her legs were the full , UNK kind , full UNK like a rare wine and just as tantalizing to the appetite ; ; 
 the calf was magnificent , the ankle perfect . 
 You must forgive me if I seem to dwell too much on her physical aspects but I am an artist , accustomed to studying the physical body . 
 The true artist is like one of those scientists who , from a single bone can reconstruct an UNK entire body . 
 The artist looks at an ankle , a calf , a bosom and , in his mind's eye , the clothes drop away and he sees her as she really is . 
 And that is the way I first saw her when my Uncle brought her into his antique store . 
 That she impressed me instantly was obvious ; ; 
 I was aware that when our eyes met we both quickly UNK them . 
 I thought I saw a faint surge of color rise to her neck and quickly UNK her cheeks . 
 True , she was my Aunt , married to an Uncle related to me only by marriage , but why she had married a man twice her age , and more , perhaps , I did not know or much care . 
 She was standing with her back to the glass door . 
 Her form was UNK and with the strong light I could see the outlines of her body , a body that an artist or anyone else would have admired . 
 As it is in so many affairs of the heart , a man and a woman meet and something UNK . 
 Something clicked in this instance , but I treated her UNK and I felt that she knew it , for we both kept our distance . 
 When she appeared at the store to help out for a few hours even my looking at her was UNK lest my Uncle notice it . 
 And then I became aware that she , too , glanced at me UNK . 
 I felt that her eyes were UNK me as if she were a painter and I a nude model . 
 I dismissed these feelings as wishful thinking but I could not get it out of my head that we had a strong physical attraction for one another and we both feared to dwell on it because of our relationship . 
 When our eyes met the air was filled with an UNK message of `` Me , too '' . 
 You have probably experienced this . 
 It is nothing you can put your fingers on but the air suddenly fills with a high charge of electricity . 
 Why she married him I do not know . 
 I myself was fond of him but what a young woman half his age saw in him was a mystery to me . 
 He already had that slow pace that comes over the elderly , while she herself had all the signs of one who UNK the joys of living . 
 Perhaps , with my Uncle , she found a measure of economic security that she needed ; ; 
 or maybe she liked men old enough to be her father ; ; 
 some women with father UNK do . 
 For several weeks we eyed one another almost like UNK partners , and then one day Uncle was slightly UNK and stayed home ; ; 
 his bride opened the store . 
 I was waiting in front of it when she showed up and told me of my UNK UNK . 
 Even as she was telling me about it I became aware of a UNK flush that suffused her neck and moved upwards to her cheeks , and subconsciously I realized that when she entered the store she did not switch on the lights . 
 The UNK depth , UNK with UNK , echoed to her hard heels as she walked directly to the office in the rear and took the seat at his desk . 
 She placed her palms , fingers UNK , on the desk in an odd gesture as if to say , `` Now , what next '' ? ? 
 I was aware of a UNK look in her eyes that told me the time was UNK . 
 There was little likelihood of any customers walking in at that hour . 
 I was standing beside her , watching the UNK palms and wondering about the old UNK sofa against the wall on which he sometimes UNK . 
 I bent and kissed the still pink neck and suddenly she jumped up , and her two arms UNK me in a UNK UNK . 
 Her mouth , which had been so much in my thoughts , was warm and moist and tender . 
 I heard her UNK , `` We'd better lock the door '' . 
 It did not take me long to slip the bolt securely and return to the rear and its couch . 
 When we opened the door again for business and switched on the lights she said : 
 `` He will not always be UNK '' . 
 `` I know . 
 I was thinking about that . 
 How will we work it out '' ? ? 
 `` I don't know '' , she said . 
 `` You're the man . 
 You figure it out . 
 I've noticed the way you've been looking at me ever since we met '' . 
 `` I guess we both felt it '' . 
 I said . 
 `` I guess so '' , she said . 
 `` But now what '' ? ? 
 Even as I said it I realized that an education can be invaluable . 
 `` I know what we can do '' , I said . 
 `` Tell him I made a pass at you '' . 
 She raised a protesting hand with a startled air . 
 `` What are you trying to do ? ? 
 Get thrown out ? ? 
 If I even hint at it do you think it will matter that you are his nephew -- and not even a blood nephew '' ? ? 
 `` I don't want to be thrown out and I don't think I will . 
 I think I have a way so we can carry on without his UNK us '' . 
 `` By telling him you are making passes at me '' ? ? 
 She said UNK . 
 `` When I was in college '' , I grinned , `` I remember a poem I had to read in my lit class . 
 I don't even remember who wrote it but it was one of those 15th or 16th century poets . 
 In those days poems often told a story in verse and those boys had some UNK to tell ; ; 
 and now I think we can use the knowledge they passed on to us . 
 Tomorrow UNK UNK opens officially . 
 A lot of people will roam the streets in costumes and UNK , and having a ball . 
 There will be romance and UNK . 
 If you tell him I made a pass at you he might think you misunderstood something I said or did , so instead of just telling him I made a pass , say I tried to date you and that you agreed so you could prove to him what a UNK I really am . 
 We made a rendezvous tomorrow evening at nine on some street near Lake UNK . 
 And to prove what you tell him about me you suggest that he keep the date instead . 
 You are both the same size . 
 He could use your clothes for a costume and a heavy veil for a mask . 
 When I show up he will know you are a good wife to have told him about it '' . 
 `` But you '' -- she began . 
 `` Don't worry about me . 
 It will turn out all right '' . 
 `` I don't understand '' , she insisted . 
 `` Are you trying to cut your throat '' ? ? 
 `` No '' , I chuckled , `` I'm just beginning to collect dividends on my investment in education '' . 
 As we expected , on the following day my Uncle was completely recovered and opened the store as usual at 10 in the morning . 
 I felt that he looked at me coldly and UNK and seemed to be uncertain what his attitude towards me should be , but he did not say one word which might indicate that he had been told of advances to his wife . 
 I quit work at my usual hour as if this day was no different from other days . 
 I heard subsequently that my Uncle and Aunt had dinner in a nearby restaurant in the French UNK after which he went home to get into his costume to keep the date . 
 Shortly before nine I drove my UNK to the street facing the Lake and parked the car in shadows far enough away from the rendezvous corner but near enough to keep the corner in clear view . 
 A few minutes later I saw my UNK car drive up and a woman's figure emerge and walk to the corner . 
 I must say the figure was well made up . 
 If it were not that I knew who it was I could have mistaken it for my Aunt so well did her clothes fit him . 
 In one hand he gripped firmly a UNK though there had been no indication of rain . 
 I suspected why he brought it along . 
 In the half darkness I approached cautiously , making sure he did not see me . 
 He was looking out on the dark waters of the Lake when I came upon him and without wasting words I UNK him hard across the face . 
 `` You cheap bitch '' ! ! 
 I exclaimed . 
 `` You cheap , no good , UNK bitch ! ! 
 You get a good , loyal husband -- smack ! ! 
 -- and you fall for a pass by his own nephew ! ! 
 You should -- smack ! ! 
 -- be ashamed of yourself . 
 He had better write a postcard to Walter . 
 He opened the myth book again and there ( along the margin next to Robert UNK imaginative interpretation of the creation of the UNK from UNK UNK ) were the names of four Munich bars and Meredith UNK address . 
 The bars were marked as Walter had marked them in a small black book kept in a nearly secret drawer . 
 The code , which had probably something to do with sex or some other interest , Nicolas was determined to find out and put to use . 
 A card to Walter would get him an introduction to this Meredith , and that might be good for something . 
 Nicolas called on his UNK , a line came back : 
 `` UNK , man , and all the UNK are UNK UNK '' . 
 That ought to draw a laugh , Nicolas reasoned , as he stored the line away on the wax tape that was his mind . 
 And indeed , his postcard did draw from Walter a letter recommending his friend , the poet Nicolas Manas , to his friend Meredith UNK . 
 Five days later , on receiving it , Meredith sat drumming his UNK on his writing table . 
 Dammit ! ! 
 He UNK cried . 
 His hand was large and square and heavily tanned . 
 The voice crying in him was the voice of guilt . 
 His four weeks in Italy had turned into nearer three months . 
 He had returned to the pension a week ago . 
 Now , he was just in the late poems of UNK and therefore had most of the nineteenth century before him -- plus next UNK class preparation . 
 He was determined to spend an UNK summer . 
 Well , maybe Manas wouldn't call . 
 UNK fingers slowed and stopped over a line before him : UNK UNK , die UNK UNK . 
 The menace of Manas gradually faded as Meredith asked himself should he translate it , ' How the dark UNK laughed ' ? ? 
 Or , more UNK , ' The swarthy witches are laughing ' ? ? 
 And he missed the point that the swarthy witches might be laughing at him for hoping to escape Nicolas Manas . 
 But Nicolas , too , was being interrupted , that morning . 
 Not by the UNK sun which had spread a warmth around his spot of grass in the English Gardens and sent him off to sleep ; ; 
 but by a blond girl in a sweater and skirt who stood a few yards off and UNK regarded him . 
 Should she wake him ? ? 
 She didn't have the heart . 
 Her heart , her maternal feeling , in fact her being was too busy expressing itself , as quietly UNK by this sight of her Nicolas curled asleep under a blanket , in a park like a scene from UNK . 
 She was just not able to break the spell . 
 ( Would she have been able to had she known that the blanket belonged to a young ballet dancer Nicolas had found his first night in one of UNK marked bars ? ? 
 Nicolas : `` Look , Nicolas doesn't go to bed with boys -- no sex , see ? ? 
 So if all these UNK was to get me in bed , man , you just spent a lot of money '' . 
 Ballet dancer : UNK , tears , and `` take what you want , Nicolas , I am a dancer , you are a poet , it is all beautiful '' . 
 To this UNK UNK Nicolas had replied , `` O.K. I can use this blanket . 
 And when you get off this job tonight , well , you can UNK something to eat '' . 
 And , as a matter of fact , Nicolas had slept in the park only part of one night , when he discovered that UNK early mornings even in summer are laden with UNK . 
 He had always known how to find a bed , and on his own terms . 
 He used the blanket for late morning UNK when hosts of the night had gone off to jobs and proved reluctant to leave him in their small rooms with their few possessions . 
 Mary Jane UNK knew none of this . 
 ) Her Nicolas lay curled in the sun like a UNK , black hair falling over his eyes . 
 She was telling herself that this might just be her reward at the end of a long meaningful search for truth . 
 This was surely a reunion in art , it was all that poetry promised . 
 That long night with Nicolas and marijuana in Venice had opened her eyes . 
 His advice , his voice saying his poems , the fact that he had not so much as touched her -- on the contrary , he had put his head back and she had UNK his hair -- this was all new . 
 Her eyes had opened , she had caught a glimpse of a new faith . 
 The next day he was gone . 
 Mary Jane might not be the most intelligent woman , but she was one of the most determined . 
 Even so , it took her several days to force Walter to tell her UNK whereabouts . 
 UNK a small suitcase , informing her husband whom she found in UNK Bar that she was taking a train to Germany to get away for a while , patting his arm , refusing a drink , getting on the train -- all this had only taken her two hours . 
 She had arrived this morning and come straight to the English Gardens . 
 `` Dear girl '' , Walter had finally said , `` he writes me that he is sleeping in the English Gardens '' . 
 `` How like him '' ! ! 
 Mary Jane had UNK said . 
 `` His address '' , Walter added , `` is that great UNK home , the American UNK . 
 And I will greatly appreciate it if you will not tell your husband . 
 '' For the last half hour Mary Jane had UNK half the length of the Gardens and , at last , come upon her knight . 
 His presence there , asleep in the grass , confirmed all that Mary Jane believed it was in his power to teach her : freedom from the UNK of needs such as hotels , the meaning of nature , how to live , simply , with the angels . 
 She set down her suitcase . 
 Should she wake him ? ? 
 No . 
 Smiling , she sat down on the suitcase and waited and watched . 
 The sun grew hotter as it approached the midday . 
 Nicolas was dreaming he had his head pressed against the UNK of a speeding car . 
 He began UNK . 
 In his dream he cried , `` UNK down , for UNK '' ! ! 
 He half woke and rolled over with his face in the cooler grass . 
 His nose was UNK . 
 He UNK . 
 He blew his nose UNK between his fingers . 
 He spit . 
 He half sat up and scratched at the hair on his forehead and then , more vigorously , between his legs . 
 He belched , he stretched . 
 Mary Jane got up , quietly , and walked away . 
 Twenty minutes later she was at the desk of the UNK pension , her tears dried , signing a hotel form and asking for a bath . 
 Mary Jane belonged to a world acquainted with small attractive hotels and pensions in all the major and minor cities . 
 She had retreated to this world . 
 The Grafin , who was UNK by her , told her , `` Your sister who was here two years ago has quite dark hair . 
 Families are very interesting . 
 Nevertheless , there is no bath . 
 But a young American has a bath next to his room and I shall ask him if you might use it this once . 
 And then we shall see . 
 '' ( The Grafin was partial to the word shall . 
 ) 
 Meredith was irritated when the Grafin knocked at his door and told him , `` She is a great beauty ! ! 
 Shall we allow her not to have a bath ? ? 
 Actually , she is a sad beauty , I believe . 
 You shall see her at dinner '' . 
 Rather UNK he listened to the bath water running ; ; 
 when it stopped he began busily typing , sitting up in a virtuous way . 
 Before dinner , he shaved for the second time that day . 
 A thing he did not like doing , generally . 
 UNK into the mirror and his interested eyes , he was pleased to note , when he stripped for his own bath , that he still had the best part of his Italian sun tan . 
 He UNK his muscles for several minutes , got into the tub , and then grew self-conscious of UNK as he washed . 
 In the small gallery used as the UNK dining room , Meredith sat down at his place and , as always , began UNK the young UNK . 
 He was asking had it been she who left the love note in his sheets ( she also served as maid ) when he saw the Grafin followed by a stately blond girl approaching his table . 
 It would be literary license calculated to UNK life to say that he , oh , dropped his UNK , so startled was he by Mary UNK beauty . 
 Yet he did drop his UNK with the ordinary country girl as much in deference to the Grafin as UNK that here , indeed , was something special . 
 Mary Jane had made very little effort . 
 Above a dark green skirt she wore a pale green UNK sweater with , as he soon perceived , no UNK beneath . 
 Her white blond hair was clean and brushed long straight down to her shoulders . 
 Perhaps her eyes were larger and more of a summer blue for all they had seen and wept that day . 
 She had touched her face , truly a noble and pure face , only with a lip UNK which made her lips glisten but no UNK than usual . 
 The result was grace and modesty . 
 As she was rather tired this evening , her simple `` Thank you for the use of your bath '' -- when she sat down opposite him -- spoken in a low voice , came across with UNK of intelligence and control . 
 Meredith began falling in love . 
 UNK : `` Only this morning '' ; ; 
 UNK UNK : `` Oh , I couldn't possibly eat all this '' ! ! 
 ; ; 
 Wine : `` Then you were typing poems this afternoon '' ? ? 
 ; ; 
 UNK UNK : `` If you think I would understand it '' ; ; 
 a smile . 
 `` What a beautiful room . 
 Like as if it were built of books '' . 
 Having opened the windows onto the terrace , lit the fire , translated the motto , Meredith grinned and took down a little UNK of books bound together in old UNK . 
 UNK these he brought out a UNK bottle and small gold UNK glasses hidden inside it . 
 `` I think the maids UNK in the afternoon '' . 
 `` Those sweet girls ? ? 
 Oh you're UNK . 
 It tastes a little like UNK . 
 What's its name ? ? 
 UNK '' She whispered UNK to herself , several times , UNK it . 
 `` Would you first read the poem aloud to me and then let me read it to myself '' ? ? 
 UNK voice was always deep , with rough bass notes in it ; ; 
 in reading , on platforms , even in the large auditorium of the UNK , Poetry Center nights , his voice was intimate , thoughtful , and a trifle shy . 
 His new poem , a love poem , told of a young husband leading his wife upstairs to the bedroom when the lights in the house have failed . 
 The husband points the steps out with his flashlight : `` Its white stare filling her pale eyes To the blind brim with appetite , UNK her hands that UNK my thighs And sent us from the table in surprise To let the dishes soak all night , '' ( Mary Jane asked herself if Meredith was blushing at this line , or was it the fire ? ? 
 ) But he read on . 
 In the bedroom before the husband and wife find their way to the bed , the lights go on : `` In dull domestic UNK I watch her staring face , still blind , Start UNK in obedience To dirty waters , counters , pots and UNK , Waiting below stairs , in her mind '' . 
 Mary Jane took the page from him and began reading it , moving her lips with the words . 
 `` Oh , it's that myth , about UNK and What is her name ? ? 
 I can never UNK it '' . 
 She repeated `` UNK '' . 
 The third time rather urgently . 
 But with her hand poem again . 
 She raised her face and nodded , `` It's sweet , and very sad '' . 
 They discussed the way people never tell each other the things on their minds . 
 They finished the small bottle of UNK . 
 She confessed she was unhappy , he asked was it her husband ? ? 
 She began to explain , `` There was this poet , in Italy '' He interrupted , `` Please don't judge all poets '' . 
 They smiled . 
 At her door , two or three hours later , Mary Jane whispered , `` Everyone is asleep '' . 
 UNK her he whispered , several times , `` UNK '' . 
 The third time rather urgently . 
 But with her hand softly on his cheek for a last moment , she closed the door and he went back down the hall and into his bed excited , UNK , and finally faintly grinning with the feel of her hand against his mouth . 
 They were west of the UNK , but only God knew where . 
 For three days , their UNK oxen had UNK up a blazing valley as flat and UNK as a dead sea . 
 UNK glare UNK their eyelids an angry crimson ; ; 
 suffocating air UNK their strength and strained their nerves to snapping ; ; 
 dust choked their throats and lay like acid in their lungs . 
 And the valley stretched endlessly out ahead , UNK and baked and writhing in its heat , until it vanished into the UNK wall of fiery orange brown haze . 
 Ben Prime extended his UNK stride until he could lay his UNK across the noses of the oxen . 
 `` UNK '' ! ! 
 He commanded from his raw throat , and felt the pain of movement in his cracked , black burned lips . 
 He removed his hat to let the trapped sweat cut UNK through the dust film upon his gaunt face . 
 He spat . 
 The UNK UNK came from his mouth like UNK cotton . 
 He moved back to the wheel and stood there blowing , UNK the top of a spoke to still the trembling of his UNK limbs . 
 The burning air dried his UNK clothes in UNK patches . 
 He cleared his throat and wet his lips . 
 As cheerfully as possible , he said , `` Well , I guess we could all do with a little drink '' . 
 He UNK the dipper and drew water from a barrel . 
 They could no longer afford the luxury of the canvas sweat bag that cooled it by UNK . 
 The water was warm and stale and had a UNK taste . 
 But it was water . 
 Thank the Lord , they still had water ! ! 
 He UNK his mouth with a small quantity . 
 He took a long but carefully controlled UNK . 
 He UNK the dipper and handed it to his young wife riding the hurricane deck . 
 She took it grudgingly , her dark eyes UNK as they met his . 
 She drank and pushed back her UNK UNK to wet a UNK and wipe her face . 
 She set the dipper on the edge of the deck , leaving it for him to stretch after it while she looked on UNK . 
 `` What happens when there's no more water '' ? ? 
 She asked UNK . 
 She was like charcoal , he thought -- dark , opaque , explosive . 
 Her thick hair was the color and texture of charcoal . 
 Her temper UNK like charcoal when it first lights up . 
 And all the time , she had the heat of hatred in her , like charcoal that is burning on its under side , but not visibly . 
 A ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws , but he kept control upon his voice . 
 `` There must be some water under there '' . 
 He tilted his homely face toward the dry bed of the river . 
 `` We can get it if we dig '' , he said patiently . 
 `` And add fever to our troubles '' ? ? 
 She UNK . 
 `` Or do you want to see if I can stand fever , too '' ? ? 
 `` We can boil it '' , he said . 
 Her chin sharpened . 
 `` We're lost and burning up already '' , she bit out tensely . 
 `` The tires are rattling on the wheels now . 
 They'll roll off in another day . 
 There was no valley like this on your map . 
 You don't even know where we're headed '' . 
 `` Hettie '' , he said as gently as he could , `` we're still headed west . 
 Somewhere , we'll hit a trail '' . 
 `` Somewhere ! ! 
 '' She repeated . 
 `` Maybe in time to make a cross and dig our graves '' . 
 His wide mouth compressed . 
 In a way , he couldn't blame her . 
 He had picked out this UNK trail , instead of the common one , in a moment of romantic fancy , to give them privacy on their honeymoon . 
 It had been a mistake , but anything would have been a mistake , as it turned out . 
 It wasn't the UNK and UNK and discomfort of the trip that had frightened her . 
 She had hated the whole idea before they started . 
 Actually , she had hated him before she ever saw him . 
 It had been five days too late before he learned that she'd gone through the wedding ceremony in a UNK of UNK , administered by her mother . 
 The bitterness of their wedding night still ripped within him like an open wound . 
 She had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a UNK . 
 He had left her UNK , thinking familiarity would gentle her in time . 
 But each mile westward , she had hated him the deeper . 
 He stared at the dipper , turning it over and over in his wide , UNK hands . 
 `` I suppose '' , he muttered , `` I can sell the outfit for enough to send you home to your folks , once we find a settlement '' . 
 `` Don't try to be noble '' ! ! 
 Her laugh was hard . 
 `` They wouldn't have sold me in the first place if UNK been food enough to go around '' . 
 He winced . 
 `` Hettie , they didn't sell you '' , he said UNK . 
 `` They knew I was a good UNK farmer back in Carolina , but out West was a chance to build a real farm of our own . 
 They thought it would be a chance for you to make a life out where nobody will be thought any better than the next except for just what's inside of them . 
 Without money or property , what would you have had at Baton Rouge '' ? ? 
 `` I might have UNK , but at least I wouldn't be fried to a crisp and soaked with dirt '' ! ! 
 He darkened under his heavy burn . 
 His blue eyes sought the UNK sea of haze ahead . 
 To his UNK , there suddenly was no haze . 
 The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the UNK line of gaunt , UNK hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead . 
 Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them -- heavy , ominous , UNK clouds that formed even as they sliced over the UNK of the surrounding hills . 
 He had never seen clouds like them before , but he had the primitive feel of danger that gripped a man before a hurricane in Carolina . 
 He UNK hoarsely , `` UNK on '' ! ! 
 And UNK the oxen as he yelled . 
 He wanted to turn them , putting the wagon against the storm . 
 Too late , he realized that in turning , he had wheeled them onto a patch of sandy ground , instead of atop a grade or ridge . 
 He swung up over the wheel . 
 `` You had better get inside '' , he warned her . 
 But she sat on in stubborn silence . 
 The clouds UNK downward and burst suddenly into a great black UNK . 
 UNK , they stared at it whirling down the valley , UNK and spitting out UNK and chunks of earth like a starving hound dog cracking UNK . 
 The UNK UNK began to whip and shake . 
 Their world turned black . 
 It was filled with dust and wind and sound and violence . 
 The heavens opened , UNK them with hail the size of walnuts . 
 And then came the water -- not rain , but solid sheets that UNK down like water UNK from a bucket . 
 UNK of water rushed down the slopes and filled the UNK like the UNK of flash floods . 
 Through the UNK of the rising waters , they could hear the roar of the river as it raged through its canyon , UNK big chunks out of the banks . 
 The UNK , UNK surface of the river reached the level of the UNK . 
 The dangerous current upon the prairie ceased , but the water stood and kept on rising . 
 They UNK under UNK covers , listening to the waves UNK against the bottom . 
 The UNK cut off abruptly . 
 They were engulfed by the weird silence , broken only by the low , angry UNK of the river . 
 Then the darkness UNK , and there was light again , and then bright sunlight . 
 UNK with fear and sound and wet and chill , they crawled to the hurricane deck and looked out UNK at a world of water that reached clear to the surrounding hills . 
 The water level was higher than their UNK . 
 Only the heavy bones of the oxen kept them anchored . 
 There was no real sign of the river now , just a UNK , oily ribbon of liquid movement through muddy waters that reached everywhere . 
 UNK of brush rode down the ribbon . 
 Now and then , the glistening side of a UNK object showed as it swept past . 
 The girl crawled out into the UNK warmth of the sunshine , hugging her shoulders and still trembling . 
 Her face was pale but set and her dark eyes UNK with blame for Ben . 
 Out of compulsion to say something UNK , Ben Prime UNK , `` Well , we were lucky to be on soft ground when the first UNK hit . 
 At least , the wheels dug in . 
 The soaking will put life back in the wagon , too '' . 
 His wife didn't give a sign she'd heard . 
 She was watching a tree ride wildly down that UNK current . 
 Somebody was riding the tree . 
 It raced closer and they could see a woman with white hair , sitting UNK an upright branch . 
 She did not call out . 
 But as the tree passed , she lifted an arm in gesture of better luck and farewell . 
 They watched the tree until it twisted sharply on a bend . 
 It UNK up into the air , then sinking back , the UNK branch turned slowly . 
 The pale UNK of the woman disappeared . 
 `` There's the one who's lucky '' ! ! 
 The girl murmured harshly . 
 UNK eyes strained with the bitter hurt , his homely face slashed with gray and crimson . 
 Then he took off his wet boots and dropped down into the water to talk with the UNK , needing their comfort more than they needed his . 
 It was nearly sundown and he went to the back of the wagon , UNK his way , for he was not a tall man . 
 He let down the UNK and was knocked over by the UNK of water . 
 He UNK back to his feet and scrambled madly to pull his bags of seed grain forward . 
 They were already swollen to bursting . 
 Of all their worldly belongings , next to the oxen and his gun , the seed grain had been the most UNK . 
 It was spoiled now for seed , and it would UNK and mold in three days if they failed to find a place and fuel to dry it . 
 The oxen might as well enjoy it . 
 He examined the water marks on the iron tires when the animals were finished . 
 The waters lay muddy but placid , without a ripple of movement against the wheels ; ; 
 there was not a UNK of damp mark to show they were receding . 
 He doubted if a man could UNK as far as the desolate , dry hills that UNK the valley . 
 A terrible , UNK sense of futility swept over him . 
 He gripped the wheel hard to fight the UNK of defeat . 
 Then he noticed that the dry wood of the wheels had swollen . 
 The UNK were tight again , the iron tires gripped onto the wheels as if of one piece . 
 Hope surged within him . 
 He swung toward the front to give the news to Hettie , then stopped , barred from her by the UNK of her blame and hate . 
 Still , he felt better . 
 A tight wagon meant so much . 
 He got a small fire started and put on bacon and coffee . 
 He poured the water off the UNK and off the flour , UNK the UNK , UNK UNK for biscuits of a sort . 
 Their UNK and UNK had not suffered . 
 He found a jar of preserved UNK and one of eggs that they had meant to save . 
 Now he broke them open , hoping a good meal might lessen this depression crushing Hettie . 
 His long nose UNK at the smells of UNK bacon and heating UNK , but the fire was low , and he wanted to waste no time . 
 He UNK the slashed sides of the canvas UNK , leaving the ribs and wagon open . 
 He looked thoughtfully at his wife's trunk , holding her meager treasures . 
 He said UNK , `` Hettie , I don't figure your things got wet too much . 
 That's a good trunk . 
 If you want to get them UNK '' 
 She said without turning her head , `` After that rain beating in atop the dust , there isn't a thing that won't be streaked '' . 
 He drew a long breath and opened the trunk and hung out her clothes and UNK upon the wagon ribs . 
 UNK , oil , and UNK make the kind of UNK any UNK dreams of . 
 I suppose a UNK sailor had sneaked a cigarette in the hold and touched off the blaze . 
 Now , roaring up in great oily clouds of smoke and flames , the fierce heat quickly drove us to the stern where we huddled like suffocating sheep , not knowing what to do . 
 The UNK were stuck fast . 
 We couldn't UNK them . 
 I heard a cry from a UNK as a UNK of flame leaped from a hatch and UNK the man's bare back . 
 He UNK to the rail and leaped overboard into the UNK waters . 
 One especially bad UNK shook UNK No. 3 which trembled violently in the UNK . 
 Brassnose yelled : `` Come on , UNK , Max step on it , we got a chance now . 
 UNK on those ropes ; ; 
 the UNK come UNK '' . 
 We pulled and swore and yanked and wept , scraping our hands until they UNK UNK . 
 The UNK was quivering and UNK like an old UNK mare . 
 Her stern was down and a sharp list helped us to cut loose the UNK which dropped heavily into the water . 
 Brassnose , Max and I leaped into the sea and swam to the boat . 
 `` Let's get away fast '' , said Brassnose , shaking water from his UNK of bleached hair . 
 `` That tub is going to explode all at once '' . 
 Then the UNK seemed to UNK with a roar of live steam , UNK of sparks and flames , and a dense cloud of UNK smoke . 
 UNK , we heard the voices of men in mortal agony but we couldn't go back into that UNK . 
 Already our UNK UNK was filled with five inches of water . 
 `` UNK , you bale while we row '' , Brassnose commanded . 
 As best as I could determine , we were some 700 miles west of New UNK , in the UNK UNK . 
 Three days previously , we had steamed past barren UNK Island in the distance . 
 Now we peered anxiously for any speck of land in the Pacific , for this interminable UNK would have to stop soon . 
 There were gigantic UNK and rope burns on our hands ; ; 
 our muscles were hot wires of pain . 
 Brassnose was strangely silent . 
 The big man with the UNK hair murmured something : his words sounded as if they were in the Manu tongue , which I recognized , having studied the dialect in my UNK 6 , class at the University of Chicago . 
 He then said something which struck a chord in my memory . 
 `` God help us if we're near the island of Eromonga . 
 We'd be in real trouble then . 
 I'd rather keep UNK -- or sink '' . 
 I was puzzled by the remark , then I recalled the voice of mild Professor Howard UNK three years ago in a university lecture on primitive societies . 
 He had been speaking of this UNK : 
 `` Even when the islands were under German mandate before World War 1 , , Europeans gave Eromonga a wide UNK . 
 The place is inhabited by several hundred warlike women who are UNK of the Twentieth Century -- stone age UNK who live in an UNK , UNK society which is UNK '' . 
 I remembered , too , the UNK voice of a UNK , Bobby UNK : `` But how do they reproduce , Dr. UNK ? ? 
 I'm sure that males have something to do with that process '' ! ! 
 There had been classroom UNK which quickly subsided as Professor UNK said dryly : `` I see your point , UNK . 
 Of course , males play a role there , but believe me when I say you wouldn't enjoy yourself one bit on Eromonga . 
 Indeed , you wouldn't live long , for the females either drive the men they've seized from neighboring islands back to their boats after UNK them for UNK purposes , or they destroy them by UNK but ingenious methods . 
 In fact , one important aspect of their very religion is the annihilation of men '' . 
 `` I think I know what you mean , Brassnose '' , I said . 
 `` I know something about Eromonga . 
 Let's hope we come to a safer place '' . 
 But we didn't . 
 Three hours later , while we were UNK desperately , a dot of land came into view . 
 Foster UNK UNK made a sign over his heart with his two linked UNK : I recognized it as an ancient Manu gesture intended to UNK the Devil . 
 A half-hour passed ; ; 
 we had drifted closer . 
 In a voice so frightened as to seem not his own , the big UNK mate UNK : 
 `` UNK ! ! 
 It is Eromonga -- look hard , you can see with your naked eye the wooden UNK on the cliff '' . 
 I UNK at the looming shoreline . 
 There was a wooden tower or UNK there , something like a UNK jump ; ; 
 it was perhaps 80 feet high and had been UNK constructed of logs . 
 A fine example of engineering in a primitive society . 
 `` What is the UNK for , Brassnose '' ? ? 
 He made a sound of despair deep in his throat . 
 It was embarrassing to see UNK , blonde Brassnose UNK himself like a child who talks about UNK . 
 `` UNK ! ! 
 It is their tultul , the ' jumping platform ' of death . 
 It is the last of the three tests of manhood which the women impose , to discover if a male is worthy of survival there . 
 Often , I heard my UNK and cousins speak of it when I was a small boy growing up in UNK . 
 They had never seen a tultul but they had heard about it from their fathers '' . 
 Our UNK was filling rapidly and despite what I had heard of the inhabitants of Eromonga , I was glad to see a long and graceful UNK manned by three UNK girls UNK out of a lagoon into the open sea and toward our craft . 
 I expected Brassnose -- as a man with a strain of UNK in his blood -- to speak to them . 
 But he had turned a UNK green and appeared UNK or UNK . 
 So , I UNK my few words of the Manu dialect and said , `` We greet you in peace . 
 In UNK . 
 My friends and I come from a ship which was destroyed by fire . 
 We are thirsty and hungry ; ; 
 our sore and burned hands and arms need attention '' . 
 The girl in the UNK of the UNK turned a smile like a beacon on me . 
 I noted that her full breasts were bare and that she wore a UNK of red UNK fruit in her UNK hair . 
 She said , `` My name is Songau and these girls are UNK and UNK . 
 You are welcome to Eromonga . 
 My people await you on the shore . 
 You shall have food , water and rest '' . 
 UNK minutes later , the UNK UNK on sand and other girls , waiting on shore , rushed forward to pull it up on the beach and make it fast with vine ropes to a large boulder . 
 I saw a dozen or so other UNK UNK there . 
 I looked . 
 All my rosy visions of rest and even pleasure on this island vanished at the sight . 
 There was a mound of bleached human bones and UNK at the base of the big wooden UNK . 
 Some had been there for years ; ; 
 others still had UNK shreds of decayed flesh sticking to them . 
 There was one object which sickened yet fascinated me . 
 This was also a corpse -- a male , judging from the UNK arm bands , the tribal scars still discernible on the UNK face , the painted bone of the warrior UNK which still pierced the UNK of the UNK nose . 
 The body may have been two or three UNK dead . 
 I looked with revulsion at the legs . 
 They were shattered . 
 Many small bones protruded crazily from the shreds of flesh . 
 The man must have leaped to his death from the UNK UNK of the tultul . 
 As if UNK my thoughts , the girl Songau smiled warmly and said in the casual tone an American woman might use in describing her rose garden : 
 `` This is our tultul , a jumping platform , UNK . 
 Later , you shall know it better . 
 Is it not UNK ? ? 
 Our old one blew down in a storm at the time of the UNK festival fifteen UNK ago . 
 It took thirty of our women almost six UNK to build this one , which is higher and stronger than the old one . 
 We are very proud of it '' . 
 `` You have every right to be '' , I replied gravely in the Manu dialect , but my attention was fixed on Brassnose , the biggest and strongest of us . 
 He looked as if he was going to keel over . 
 I felt a UNK in my own stomach but it wouldn't do to show these girls that we were afraid . 
 Not so soon , anyway . 
 I clapped the big man with the bleached hair on his shoulder and said heartily , hoping it would make an impression on the women : `` This one is the UNK UNK . 
 He speaks your language too , for he is the UNK of a chieftain on UNK who made much magic and was strong and cunning . 
 The UNK UNK has inherited this strength from his grandfather '' . 
 This was the worst thing I could have said . 
 Brassnose turned a stricken face toward me and said UNK , `` UNK , you meddling Yank , you're a fool ! ! 
 They despise males who UNK of their strength ; ; 
 they destroy such men with their damned tests . 
 You've ruined me , blast you '' ! ! 
 At first , I thought he was out of his head , talking wildly like this . 
 But a glance at Songau and the other women confirmed what Brassnose had UNK out . 
 The women's faces had hardened after my statement . 
 At a nod from Songau , four UNK and muscular girls darted to UNK side and seized him by the arms . 
 The man was an ox and he put up a creditable struggle ; ; 
 but four Eromonga women are more than a match for the strongest male that ever lived . 
 Besides , terror had UNK some of UNK vitality and will . 
 My last impression as they led him off to a stockade was of his pale face 
 . 
 In the Manu tongue , `` UNK '' means manhood -- a quality which the women UNK UNK in weekly UNK at which great quantities of a UNK like UNK were UNK . 
 In the hut to which I was assigned -- Max had his own quarters -- my food was brought to me by a wrinkled UNK with bare UNK breasts who seemed to enjoy UNK with me in rudimentary phrases . 
 Her name was UNK and she told me many things . 
 For an UNK , UNK old UNK was a mine of information . 
 Though I had a great dread of the island and felt I would never leave it alive , I eagerly wrote down everything she told me about its women . 
 ( Her account was later confirmed by the UNK UNK from the University of UNK in 1951 . 
 ) 
 From UNK , I heard that until about UNK the people of this island -- which was about the size of Guam or smaller -- had been of both sexes , and that the normal family life of UNK tribes was observed here with minor variations . 
 But in the middle of the last century an island woman named `` Karipo '' seized a spear in the heat of an UNK battle and UNK the women after their men had fled . 
 UNK , Karipo and her women had succeeded in driving a hundred invaders from the isle of UNK back to their war UNK , after considerable loss of life on both sides . 
 Karipo was something of a politician as well as a UNK . 
 She quickly exploited the exalted position she now occupied , by UNK the disorganized males and even putting many of them to death . 
 Within a decade or less , few men were left and a UNK society had sprung up . 
 `` Karipo was great UNK , told our mothers that men were not necessary except to father children '' , the UNK told me . 
 `` All men went away from here . 
 Those who stayed had to pass tests . 
 Few passed '' . 
 She UNK with UNK , showing the stumps of UNK teeth . 
 `` UNK women then named this place ' Eromonga ' -- manhood -- for just the strongest men could stay here . 
 Come , I show you '' . 
 The old woman arose stiffly and led me to a clearing where a small hut stood . 
 In the shade of a palm tree in front of the UNK dwelling I saw four figures in a UNK on the ground . 
 `` I guess he spent the morning getting himself all organized , then headed for home . 
 Maybe to beat up on his UNK '' . 
 Benson looked up and saw UNK long head tilt forward to rub his chin on the stiff edge of the overall UNK . 
 Ramey reached out with the tire iron and UNK a UNK of mud that was UNK on the spare tire rack . 
 `` I'd like to know just which it is that those guys don't understand , the liquor or automobiles '' . 
 Somehow the thought of a simple man bewildered by things no one had ever really helped him understand moved the driver . 
 For a moment his hatred toward drunken or careless drivers softened . 
 Maybe the Indian wasn't too much at fault , Ramey thought . 
 Maybe he was only doing the best he knew how , like any of us . 
 Anyway , he doesn't deserve to lie there in the sun and be stared at . 
 `` Ever see yourself spread out on the pavement , Benny '' ? ? 
 He said to his partner . 
 `` You mean dream '' ? ? 
 `` Not exactly . 
 Just see it '' . 
 Benson grinned and UNK a rock with his thumb like a marble . 
 `` UNK , just you , all the time -- sometimes I think it's the only way I'll ever get a decent partner '' . 
 Ramey smiled but he thought to himself , I always see me too . 
 Never Benny . 
 Whenever he saw someone lying in the dirt , Ramey wondered what the person had been thinking and he would try out thoughts in his own mind . 
 Then he would realize they were really things that only he himself could think . 
 With this realization , sometimes , he saw himself as he looked down . 
 `` You seen him yet '' ? ? 
 Benson said , referring to the Indian . 
 `` He wasn't in the car '' , Ramey said . 
 `` You didn't go clear around '' , Benson said . 
 `` If you want to see something , he's back on the other side by the trunk of the car '' . 
 `` Too long a waiting line '' , Ramey answered , pretending to joke . 
 A few minutes later the insurance man , a road UNK , drove up in the gray UNK with license plates on it from a UNK state . 
 It was a trick they used to try and conceal their identity when they followed trucks to check their speed . 
 Sometimes they just parked at the side of the road and used radar on the trucks as they passed . 
 All the drivers knew about the plates and they also knew about the big UNK straw hat with UNK edges , the kind natives in travel ads wear when they are out UNK chopping cane . 
 UNK , an agent on the east end , wore the hat , trying to look like a tourist . 
 It had always seemed strange to Ramey that to disguise himself as a tourist , an UNK driver like UNK would merely pick something UNK and put it on his head . 
 The insurance man informed them that he had talked to UNK who was all right and that he would watch the men's personal effects until they UNK the rig back to town . 
 He UNK with Ramey and Benson for a minute or so in the meager shade of the trailer . 
 Every so often the diminishing sound of a car came under the trailer as it slowed down for the wreck then UNK up again as it got clear . 
 When they were ready to leave , Benson and Ramey walked back around the rear of the trailer . 
 `` There's a body you won't mind looking at '' , Benson said and they stopped . 
 She had driven up with her husband in a convertible with Eastern license plates , although the two drivers knew nothing at the moment about that . 
 She wore shorts and a loose UNK shirt . 
 UNK and tanned , her dark brown hair was drawn straight back , simply . 
 `` What outfit does she drive for '' ? ? 
 Benson said . 
 Seeing her caused a UNK in Ramey , a recognition . 
 She might have been someone he had once loved . 
 He had never seen her before , but now he thought of the manner in which he and Benson went in and out of the cities , at each end of their run . 
 The truck routes , the industrial areas with walls UNK with UNK smoke passed briefly through his mind -- back UNK were their access to a city and they could never stay . 
 How would you ever see her again ? ? 
 The feeling subsided , it was only a small yearning . 
 Their work was lonely . 
 `` What's she doing in this bunch '' ? ? 
 Benson said , and Ramey wondered how close their thoughts might have been . 
 The girl looked around at the countryside . 
 Her glance swung past the trailer where the two drivers were standing . 
 It made only a tiny bump over the two men like a tire over a piece of gravel then moved on . 
 She began to watch a UNK man , also in shorts , standing right at the rear of the wrecked car in the one spot that most of the crowd had UNK slightly . 
 What had caught his attention was obscured by the car itself , so that neither the girl nor the truck drivers could see , but Benson knew what it was . 
 The girl took a couple of steps toward the man in shorts when Benson , in that barefoot UNK Ramey could never decide was real , said , `` You don't want to go around there , UNK '' . 
 The girl stopped but did not turn her head or acknowledge that someone had spoken to her . 
 The man stood near the bent UNK body of the Indian who lay face down almost under the car . 
 The two drivers moved closer . 
 `` What does he want , a spoon '' ? ? 
 Benson said to Ramey . 
 One tiny detail in a happening can UNK the memory and stick like meat in a UNK tooth , while the rest of the occurrence will go hazy and uncertain . 
 With Ramey it was a dusty work shoe that was UNK the Indian's foot that he would always remember . 
 The UNK were broken at the bottom of the UNK but there was still a bow knot at the top . 
 The slightest UNK would have parted the shoe entirely from the foot , yet the toes were still inside . 
 The two men in overalls stood just behind the UNK man . 
 He wore tennis shorts and a white sweater with a red V at the neck , the sleeves pushed above the elbows . 
 He turned and looked at them with clear blue eyes , immaculate eyes . 
 He was very tanned -- big hands might have torn him from a UNK UNK . 
 `` He's dead , isn't he '' ? ? 
 The man said . 
 He turned and bent over the body of the Indian . 
 There was nothing in particular on the man's face . 
 It was simply a matter of curiosity , a natural right to examine . 
 `` What's this '' ? ? 
 The man said , backing up a step , still looking down . 
 His words were mostly to himself . 
 `` Don't '' . 
 There was a gentle concern in UNK voice . 
 Ramey looked down and saw the white UNK at the bottom of the man's tanned leg cautiously UNK a bit of folded , UNK substance lying by itself on the pavement . 
 `` But what is it '' ? ? 
 The man said with a tone of impatience . 
 But what is it ? ? 
 The man had spoken only once . 
 Ramey heard the words again inside , weakened , the way moving water sounds through a grove of trees , until he was not sure whether it was sound or UNK pressing in his ears . 
 The UNK reached out once more to tap against the mass and UNK vision darkened except for an UNK clarity of the man's leg . 
 Ramey saw sunlight touch the curly blonde hairs on the brown skin . 
 He stared at the shining , shining circles of hairs and heard the voice of his partner through trees , `` Don't do that , fella . 
 UNK brains '' . 
 The man seemed to sink a little as Ramey brought the tire iron down on his shoulder and it seemed that the blonde head was turning as he hit the man again , with his fist . 
 Ramey swung and caught the man just to the left of his mouth . 
 It was a straight , solid , UNK shot ; ; 
 he laid all four knuckles in between the man's UNK and his chin . 
 UNK fist and the air expelled from the man's UNK cheek made a hollow pop in the air like cupped hands clapping together . 
 The man took two short steps backward then sat down heavily on the pavement . 
 Ramey heard a cry from the girl and felt a slight pain somewhere in his hand . 
 As he watched the man sit suddenly , a detached part of his mind observed how very difficult it was , really , to knock a man off his feet . 
 He hadn't done it this time and he would never again hit anyone so hard . 
 With a thoughtful look , the man sat on the pavement , legs straight out in front of him . 
 His arms hung like empty shirt sleeves , and his mouth was slightly open . 
 After what seemed several seconds , the open mouth grew dark inside then blood began to UNK from it . 
 The man brought one hand up slowly and the fingers fumbled across his face until he touched his mouth . 
 He UNK and pulled the hand away . 
 Even yet there was no realization in his eyes . 
 Ramey could hear the crowd coming up rapidly behind him and the questioning voices coming over his shoulder had no identity or importance to him . 
 He did not look around . 
 `` What happened '' ? ? 
 Someone said . 
 `` He's hurt '' ! ! 
 A woman's voice said , and then he heard a sort of UNK from the man's wife . 
 The man on the ground began to move ; ; 
 one of his hands flattened out on the pavement and supported him . 
 Blood dripped down the front of his sweater , soaking into a dark streak of dirt that ran diagonally across the white wool on his shoulder , as though the bright V woven into the UNK had melted , running a UNK color . 
 The girl UNK by her husband with one arm at his back . 
 `` Can you hear , can you talk to me '' ? ? 
 She begged . 
 An incoherent , puzzled sound came from the red mouth . 
 The girl looked around quickly at several of the people . 
 None of the crowd had stepped forward to help . 
 Then she saw Ramey and her face was UNK with UNK . 
 `` Why did you do it -- why did you hit him '' ? ? 
 She said , her voice rising . 
 Ramey said nothing . 
 A shine in her eyes suddenly became tears and she turned back to her husband again . 
 Behind Ramey feet scraped beneath sharp questioning whispers . 
 No one seemed to know for sure what had happened , nor was there any purpose or responsibility in the muttering feet and urgent voices behind the driver , beyond finding out . 
 Ramey looked around and caught sight of his partner near the front end of the wrecked truck talking to the patrolman . 
 Benson moved his arms , UNK with an unfamiliar vigor and talking rapidly . 
 Ramey caught a glimpse of the insurance man . 
 Some of the UNK was gone from his face and he stared at Ramey . 
 It's all over now , the driver thought as he saw the patrolman turn and walk rapidly down along the trailer toward them . 
 Ramey watched him coming with a vision as clean as the glare on the metal sides of the trailer . 
 He saw the dark sweat spots UNK in and out of sight under the UNK swinging arms and in the leather holster that UNK and rolled at the side of his UNK body , the sun left a UNK shine on the narrow strip of blue metal that ran between the UNK handles of his pistol . 
 `` All right , step back '' ! ! 
 The patrolman said to no one in particular as he pushed between the fat man in the baseball cap and a young boy in UNK . 
 He walked straight up to the man sitting on the ground and bent over to look at him . 
 `` You all right '' ? ? 
 `` UNK -- it's my UNK '' , the man said , trying to talk without moving his lips . 
 His brown face looked gray from dirt streaks where his hand had come off the dusty pavement and rubbed across it . 
 Then he calmly and carefully slugged the remaining five shots into the UNK head -- caught in the wicker back of the chair , the eyes dead on him as the life finally went out of the brute . 
 The body continued to lash , but now Keith used the legs of the chair to fork the loathsome , bloody mass out of the UNK . 
 He slammed the door and listened as his servants ran up , alarmed at the sound of the shots . 
 He heard their chattering , and then the sounds of UNK as they UNK the snake right on the porch with wood axes . 
 It was only then that he turned to look at Penny . 
 She was sitting on the edge of the bed again , back in the same position where the snake had found her . 
 The fear had not entirely gone from her face , but there were some other emotions now , crowding into her eyes and the lines of her mouth . 
 But her hands were calm , now . 
 She's got guts , thought Keith . 
 She's got more guts than any other woman in the world . 
 `` Keith '' , said Penny , `` Keith , you were wonderful . 
 I don't suppose a wife should be grateful to her husband for saving her life , but I am . 
 Thank you , Keith '' . 
 He smiled at her sincerity . 
 And for the UNK time that week , he was startled at her beauty . 
 Strange . 
 Seven years they'd been married . 
 He knew her mind pretty well , by now , its quick perceptions and sympathies , its painful insistence on truth and directness , its capacity for love almost too deep for a man to UNK , even in part . 
 But her beauty always surprised him anew . 
 `` I realize that this is hardly the time to say it , Penny '' , said Keith . 
 `` But knowing you , I know that you're glad to be alive , and grateful -- and sorry because I killed the snake , even though I had to . 
 Isn't that so '' ? ? 
 Penny lowered her eyes . 
 `` Yes '' , she said , almost in a whisper , as if admitting to a crime . 
 `` The snake was beautiful , wasn't it '' ? ? 
 Asked Keith , his voice getting UNK in spite of himself , as he struggled to control his growing anger . 
 `` It was a king UNK , the largest you ever saw , and it deserved to live out its life in the jungle , didn't it ? ? 
 didn't it ? ? 
 '' 
 Penny did not answer . 
 Now , she just sat there looking at him , without an expression except concern for him . 
 `` We're all God's creatures , aren't we '' ? ? 
 Keith was UNK now . 
 `` All of us -- every goddam UNK and worm and killer in that jungle . 
 You love this village and these UNK brown people because they're God's creatures , too . 
 And you love UNK , that black bastard of a servant even a little more , because he's a beautiful man . 
 And he loves you because you're a beautiful woman . 
 We're all God's creatures , aren't we , Penny ? ? 
 All of us , that is , except me . 
 You hate me , you hate my guts , because I like to hunt . 
 You actually hate me -- and we both know it -- because I killed that filthy snake . 
 Well , why don't you say something '' ? ? 
 Penny would not rise to his mood . 
 `` There isn't anything left to say , is there , Keith '' ? ? 
 She softly let herself into the bed , and took her regular side , away from the door , where she slept better because Keith was between her and the UNK . 
 He knew she was not UNK , not even angry at him . 
 Just as he knew that she had stopped loving him . 
 The UNK has its headwaters in the UNK of the world , the towering white UNK of the UNK that are unknown to man as any other space on the planet . 
 For a brief period each year , the rays of the sun are warm enough to melt some of the snows piled a mile deep at the base of the UNK , and then the UNK glisten in the daytime at high noon , and billions of gallons of water begin their slow UNK under the UNK and across the UNK hanging valleys on their long , UNK journey to the sea -- running east past the UNK UNK of UNK UNK and UNK , then turning south and UNK down through the jungles of UNK , past the UNK Hills , and into Bengal , past UNK and UNK , until the hard water of the melting snows UNK with the soft drainage of fields and at length fans out to UNK with the UNK salt depths of the Bay of Bengal . 
 Keith Sterling had looked down on the UNK more times than he could remember , during the war days when he flew over the UNK of the world , thinking it high adventure in those times before man was guiding himself through outer space . 
 But Keith looked down more than up . 
 He thought of the jungles below him , and of the wild , strange , UNK beauty there and he promised himself that someday he would return , on foot perhaps , to hunt in this last corner of the world where man is sometimes himself the hunted , and animals the UNK . 
 At first it had been just a romantic dream of his , the same as the idea of finishing Oxford after the war . 
 But `` after the war '' was a luxury of a phrase he did not permit himself . 
 UNK UNK in the UNK do not imply survival in the future either in their orders or in their attitudes , to their men or to themselves . 
 And UNK record of kills made him a man to listen to -- a man paradoxically , who might even survive . 
 He became a fighter pilot after the stint over the UNK in the big UNK . 
 The UNK was Britain's weapon of attrition , and flying a fighter plane was the way her sons could serve her best at this point in the war . 
 He knew how to shoot down Nazis . 
 And he knew that the men talked about him behind his back , saying that he was one up on everybody else -- including the pilot of the plane with the UNK on it -- because he was chemically incapable of fear . 
 That was true , but only half the truth . 
 The other half he didn't like to recognize , even to himself . 
 He enjoyed the killing . 
 Not defending England , or being an ace , or fighting for humanity . 
 He enjoyed killing . 
 And he would have enjoyed it just as much if he had been a Nazi . 
 UNK , we talk as though the UNK were just a short skirmish . 
 The Nazis UNK Britain , so the UNK UNK and shot them all down . 
 Not quite . 
 It was a war of nerves , of UNK , of UNK endurance in which the stupid insistence of the British on their right to their own country became ultimately an UNK obstacle to the Nazis , who were better organized and technically superior . 
 It took a long time before the British tipped the balance . 
 Keith learned too much about air combat , and air killing , to be risked . 
 They grounded him ( over his protests -- not including his true reason for wanting to fly ) and put him in the Command offices . 
 That was where he met Penny . 
 He was aware of her as a UNK good-looking American UNK , a second lieutenant assigned to do the paper work , ( regardless of how important she might have thought she was ) in the Command offices , but that was all . 
 Penny knew him better , on her part . 
 He had a war reputation , but this was the kind of man women like even without medals . 
 They don't go for UNK muscle , as a rule . 
 He had strength in his UNK frame , but it was like the tensile steel in a UNK . 
 He was on the thin side , with big hands , and the kind of wrists that give away the power in UNK and UNK . 
 His hair was black , already UNK at the temples in the classic UNK , the only one permitted to a man . 
 The pretty little UNK UNK said he had the look of UNK -- and Penny , UNK the cliche , had to admit that in this case it applied . 
 Keith was an eagle . 
 Penny and Keith had no romance . 
 No dates or UNK . 
 But they met in one UNK moment that gave them to one another instantly . 
 The Command offices were in the border country , up north , where the radar systems centralized their intelligence reports , and the fighters were dispatched to UNK the enemy . 
 The Nazis knew this , of course , and while their chief quarry was the industrial centers , they let a few drop every time they went over , hoping for a lucky hit . 
 This time , they had been lucky . 
 The Command post was underground , and well UNK . 
 But there hadn't been enough time to build it for keeps . 
 There was a measure of protection in its concrete walls and ceiling , but the engineers who hastily installed it were well aware that concrete is not much better than prayer , if as UNK , when a direct hit comes along . 
 This one was actually more of a `` near miss '' . 
 The bomb plunged into the ground near the Post , but not precisely into the Command room itself . 
 There was a shattering , cracking sound as the concrete started to buckle , the air filled with dust and flying debris , and everyone in the room -- men and women hit the floor and used the desks as UNK , as ordered . 
 That is , everyone but Keith and Penny . 
 They stood there , just the two of them , in the rocking , shattering blast . 
 Keith was on his feet because he didn't care at all about life any more : Penny on her feet , proudly , because she cared too much . 
 The bomb was a solitary one . 
 The blast damaged , but did not destroy the room . 
 UNK eyes met UNK as they stood there in this strange marriage of destruction . 
 And , as the others began to crawl out from beneath the desks and tend to those wounded , and mark the several killed , he climbed across the debris to Penny and took her hand in his . 
 The UNK married them , on the next day . 
 After the war , Penny had wanted Keith at least to visit her home with her . 
 She came from Ohio , from what she called a `` small farm '' of two hundred acres , as indeed it was to UNK farmers . 
 But to UNK UNK mind , such acreage sounded rather UNK . 
 It wasn't that , however , which decided them not to go to America . 
 Keith told Penny about his dream to return to India and Burma . 
 He stressed the wild beauty of the mountains , and the jungles . 
 He didn't tell her the truth he now freely admitted to himself . 
 He couldn't stop killing . 
 That was his true love , not Penny . 
 The terrible power of a gun , the thing that blasted the soul out of a living body , man or beast , was one he never wanted to lose . 
 And in the hunting land , this hunger was considered to be a noble thing . 
 When they got to UNK , in UNK , he was happy . 
 This is a paradise for hunters . 
 This was the land of the UNK , the great water buffalo with horns forty inches across the spread . 
 The great black UNK . 
 The UNK buck , the jungle stag that is even more noble than the Scottish UNK . 
 He even hunted elephant , although the Asian elephant is not quite as UNK as his African cousin . 
 But there are big UNK in both countries . 
 These were the ones Keith sought out -- the UNK , the ones who killed for the joy of it , like himself . 
 He and Penny would go out on tame elephants , raised from UNK in the UNK . 
 And while he was ever alert for game , and most particularly a tiger , Penny UNK at the Eden they were UNK . 
 They came upon UNK deer at UNK pools . 
 UNK UNK across their path , UNK . 
 There were fantastic flowers without perfume , and gaudy birds without song . 
 UNK deer played around the feet of the elephants , or fled when the mighty legs UNK too close . 
 Wild UNK watched their progress with little pig eyes , and grunted derision when they didn't consider such game worthy of a shot from the . 
 Now , the next morning , they were anchored at The UNK and the boat was riding directly over the underwater ledge where the green water turned to deepest blue and the cliff dropped straight down 600 UNK , with the weighted line beside it ; ; 
 and Robinson Roy , who had gone down this line ten minutes before to set a new depth record for the free dive , was already back on the surface . 
 He and his safety man , Herr Schaffner , swam up to the boarding ladder together . 
 The German UNK indicated that Robinson should mount first . 
 Robinson clambered heavily into the boat , sat down , and stripped off his UNK assembly . 
 He was frowning . 
 He took his mask from his forehead and threw it , unexpectedly , across the deck . 
 `` UNK , temper '' , Mrs. Forsythe said , laughing uneasily . 
 A phony blonde hanging onto a UNK youth and beauty , but UNK UNK in the neck , she was already working on her second gin and UNK , though it was not yet ten A.M. 
 `` I UNK it '' , Rob said , with a savage note in his voice . 
 `` All I have to do to set the record is to go on down . 
 So instead I come up '' . 
 `` Was it my equipment '' ? ? 
 The German asked . 
 `` Was it something went bad with the breathing '' ? ? 
 `` The equipment was fine '' , Rob stated , standing up . 
 He was a huge young man of twenty-four , clothed in muscle , immensely strong , with a habitual UNK and UNK of manner that was submerged under his present agitation . 
 He stared UNK at the floor . 
 `` I was down to 275 . 
 I've been that far half a dozen times . 
 I don't get it why this time I should pull such a stupid trick '' . 
 `` Well , I get it '' , Artie said , still on the ladder . 
 `` You are a big UNK UNK and you got this idea about setting a record . 
 And you also got this little spark in your UNK that tells you to turn around before you UNK yourself . 
 So you turn around '' . 
 `` No , it wasn't that '' , Rob said . 
 A note of awe came into his voice . 
 `` When I came up , UNK , I thought I was going down . 
 I came up maybe fifty feet before I knew what was happening '' . 
 `` UNK '' , Artie said , and climbed in . 
 `` That's right '' , Robinson said . 
 `` I was expecting it , sure . 
 But when it happens to you like that , I tell you , and you're a hundred feet from where you thought you were -- well , it makes you think . 
 You don't head back down again . 
 Not me , anyway . 
 Not right away '' . 
 He had his voice under control again : no one became aware that he was terrified by what had just happened to him . 
 Waddell , the newspaperman , was a fellow in his middle forties , with a graying UNK , UNK glasses , and a large jaw padded with fat . 
 Now he was going to show how much he knew . 
 `` Our boy didn't chicken out , no sir . 
 He ran into the UNK of the depths . 
 UNK UNK . 
 It makes the UNK feel drunk '' . 
 `` Well , that's the only way to be '' , Mrs. Forsythe said , and gave her UNK laugh . 
 `` Maybe not , if you're 200 feet under water '' , Artie said . 
 `` Anyway '' , Waddell went on . 
 `` It's nothing to fool with . 
 It can kill you . 
 Personally , I don't blame him for giving up the dive , much as I regret losing the story '' . 
 `` UNK giving anything up '' , Robinson said . 
 He stood there , towering over them all : gentle , mighty , determined , the moving force in the group ; ; 
 and yet like a child among adults . 
 `` You think I got you and Artie and Herr Schaffner all the way out here just for the boat ride ? ? 
 I'm going down again '' . 
 `` That's my boy '' ! ! 
 Mr. Forsythe exclaimed . 
 `` UNK not going to give up as easy as all that '' . 
 He was a UNK , UNK man in his early sixties , very UNK in his UNK cap , striped jacket and white UNK . 
 He went to Key West every fall and winter and was the only man in town who did not know that his title of `` UNK '' was never used without irony . 
 Old UNK Forsythe , who had once lost a UNK bet on whether he could get both motors started and turn on the running lights without accidentally turning on something else first . 
 Now it did not occur to him even to wonder whether it was wise for Robinson to dive again : Rob was his boy , the kid he had rescued from the streets , the object of his pride . 
 `` Why '' , he went on , `` when Rob asked me if he could make his dive on this trip , I didn't think twice about it . 
 I've helped him along ever since he was a youngster hanging around his brother's tackle shop . 
 Hell , I gave him the first decent job he ever had , six , seven -- how many years ago was it , Rob '' ? ? 
 `` Seven years ago , UNK '' , Rob said UNK . 
 He was thinking , big deal : UNK on his drunken fishing parties for seven years and no better off than when I started . 
 `` Excuse me '' , he said abruptly . 
 He went down the steps to the galley and sleeping quarters ; ; 
 went into the forward UNK and locked the door behind him . 
 `` When you gotta go , you gotta go '' , Mrs. Forsythe said . 
 Waddell muttered something about taking a look around and climbed up to the flying bridge . 
 He was disturbed by what had happened on the dive and by what he remembered of a conversation he had had the night before with the German , who had come out of the head while he was fixing himself a drink in the galley . 
 `` Hi there , Schaffner '' , he had said . 
 `` Can I make you one '' ? ? 
 `` No thank you very much '' , Schaffner had answered in his UNK English . 
 `` I do not drink so much , thank you '' . 
 Waddell had looked the man over , trying to size him up . 
 He was in his early forties , rather short and very UNK built , and with a manner that was reserved and stiff despite his efforts to adapt himself to American ways . 
 His open face seemed to promise a sort of innocence , until one looked into his eyes , which had no warmth in them but only alert intelligence . 
 Waddell had heard that he had been a UNK in UNK UNK Corps , and he said to himself : I'd hate to run into him in the desert on a dark night . 
 UNK he had said , making conversation : 
 `` Rob tells me he's using your UNK equipment on the dive '' . 
 `` Yes '' , Herr Schaffner had said . 
 `` He's one hell of a decent boy . 
 I like that kid '' . 
 `` I agree , yes '' . 
 `` And if the dive goes OK he has the exclusive import rights to your line for this country , is that right '' ? ? 
 `` Well , no '' , Herr Schaffner said . 
 Waddell turned to face him . 
 `` No '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 `` But that's what he told me . 
 Why , that's his main reason for making the dive '' . 
 UNK looked at him , altogether without UNK , and shrugged his shoulders , making a little spreading gesture with his two hands . 
 `` What do you mean '' ? ? 
 Waddell asked , frowning . 
 `` Please let me explain '' , the German said earnestly , his face still devoid of UNK . 
 `` I have in Europe a gross business of seven million dollars the year . 
 Now I wish to enter the American market , where the competition is very strong . 
 I must have a powerful representative here , a firm with a national distribution and ten , twenty thousand dollars to UNK my products . 
 With all respect to a fine young man , Mr. Roy is not able to provide these UNK '' . 
 Waddell was not an eminently moral person , but he did not like what he had just heard . 
 `` Did you tell him all this '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 `` Perhaps not in so many words '' , the German said . 
 `` But surely you have misunderstood Mr. Roy . 
 Never , never did I offer him the exclusive rights . 
 We spoke of the need for advertising , and I agreed that the deep dive would be most useful for publicity . 
 He was most eager to make the dive ; ; 
 of course , I was willing . 
 But there was no definite agreement about business arrangements '' . 
 `` Well , damn '' , Waddell said . 
 There was the end of his UNK feature story , with UNK . 
 He started out the door . 
 `` One moment '' ! ! 
 Herr Schaffner said . 
 `` You intend to speak with Mr. Roy '' ? ? 
 `` What else '' ? ? 
 Waddell asked . 
 `` If you will pardon , I think it would be better if not . 
 Mr. Roy is determined to make this dive . 
 Whatever you tell him he will dive . 
 I know this from my talks with him '' . 
 `` Well , let's let him make up his own mind , OK '' ? ? 
 Waddell said . 
 `` On the basis of the facts '' . 
 `` You will make him unhappy and anxious '' , the German said . 
 `` At 200 , 300 , 400 feet under the water , when he must be paying very much attention , he will be thinking about what you are telling him . 
 It is not good , Mr. Waddell : you will do him great harm '' . 
 There was no doubt that Herr Schaffner meant every word of what he said . 
 Waddell came back from the door and sat on a bunk . 
 `` I am an honest man '' , the German said with fervor . 
 `` I will give Mr. Roy his due for this dive . 
 I will make him distributor for all of Florida -- a big market . 
 All tourists come to Florida . 
 This will help him to get out of his little tackle shop . 
 Yes ! ! 
 But there is no use causing him to worry at this time '' . 
 The UNK words worked on the newspaperman like a UNK from an UNK duty . 
 He took a big UNK of his drink . 
 It would be a UNK shame to throw away a story like this . 
 `` I think maybe you're right , Schaffner '' , he said . 
 `` He has the UNK for Florida , you say '' ? ? 
 `` Yes '' , the German said . 
 `` At least for South Florida '' . 
 `` By God '' , Waddell said , `` we don't want to upset the boy at this time of all times . 
 I guess you're right '' . 
 He UNK his drink around and drained it in a few large UNK . 
 The story was shaping up nicely in his mind : the young pioneer , as of old , UNK UNK the unknown ; ; 
 the rewards prompt and juicy in modern UNK America . 
 `` Join me in another '' ? ? 
 He had asked . 
 `` Thank you '' , the German had said UNK . 
 `` I do not drink so much '' . 
 Now , in that same cabin , Robinson fell to his knees beside a bunk . 
 Fear and relief mingled in his UNK emotions . 
 He pressed his palms together and addressed himself to the patron saint of UNK in a hurried and anxious whisper . 
 `` Blessed Saint Nicholas , I thank thee for getting me out of that mess and sending me up instead of down when I was bewildered . 
 And when I make the dive again '' -- He paused ; ; 
 crossed himself ; ; 
 said a Hail Mary , slowly and with understanding . 
 UNK between his hands the cross that hung from his neck , he took his appeal direct to Headquarters . 
 `` Holy Mary , Mother of God , Star of the Sea , stay Thou with me on this next dive . 
 Make it come off all right . 
 Let me set the record this time , and let me get back OK , so the German will give me the exclusive . 
 And make my life different and better from this time on . 
 Amen '' . 
 He crossed himself again and rose . 
 He felt a good deal less shaky . 
 As he reached for the door there was a knock on it and when he opened he found Artie , who came in and sat down on a bunk . 
 Artie had picked up a UNK and was twirling it on his forefinger . 
 He waited awhile before he said , `` Roy , you know your UNK table , don't you '' ? ? 
 `` You know I know it '' , Robinson answered UNK . 
 `` You came straight up from 275 without a stop '' , Artie said . 
 `` Well , I was a little bit confused . 
 Anyway , I wasn't down long enough to matter . 
 You don't see me stretched out on the deck , do you '' ? ? 
 `` You know what they say about two deep UNK in one day '' , Artie went on , still twirling the UNK and studying it intently . 
 `` I don't think you should go down again '' . 
 Early that day Matsuo saw a marine . 
 The enemy came looming around a bend in the trail and Matsuo took a hasty shot , then fled without knowing the result , ran until breath was a pain in his chest and his legs were UNK . 
 As his feet slowed , he felt ashamed of the panic and resolved to make a stand . 
 He crossed the next meadow and climbed a tree where the jungle trail resumed . 
 In the UNK part of the tree , UNK a broad horizontal limb , he could see over the meadow . 
 For a while he was content to let events develop in their good time . 
 He had no doubt the marine was the lead scout of a column , and while his shot had probably UNK indecision , they would soon come hunting . 
 His superiors had emphasized that marines tortured others for the sheer pleasure . 
 UNK ; ; 
 today ; ; 
 tomorrow : no surrender . 
 His remembering the UNK brought no peace -- only a faint chill of doubt . 
 He murmured to himself , with firmness : `` No surrender '' . 
 It was best to die fighting the marines . 
 His superiors had also preached this , saying it was the way for eternal honor . 
 What if the marines never came ? ? 
 His comrades were all dead . 
 He had no rice . 
 Then it would be a choice between starvation and suicide . 
 UNK the way , he would rot in this vast choking green , his wife never to receive an UNK of his ashes . 
 He sighed and leaned for a moment against the trunk . 
 His fingers touched the bone handle of a knife . 
 The knife , an ammunition UNK , and a UNK bottle of purified water hung on his belt . 
 Besides the belt he wore a UNK cloth . 
 As he looked up from picking at a leg ulcer , he saw a marine in the jungle across the clearing . 
 UNK UNK . 
 The marine came to the edge of the green jungle mist and stayed , as though UNK whether to brave the sunlight . 
 His UNK made a streak of almost UNK green in the mist . 
 `` Come out , come out in the meadow '' , Matsuo said under his breath . 
 The man leaned against a tree and wiped a sleeve across his face . 
 A signal ? ? 
 Matsuo lifted his rifle , UNK the UNK under his left upper arm for UNK . 
 Fresh on his mind were events of the past day when his whole regiment was destroyed in the hills . 
 They had fought from caves , and the marines resorted to burning them out . 
 Even now , like a ringing in his ears , he heard the UNK of UNK UNK great orange UNK . 
 A wave of flame UNK through their cave had reached UNK , his friend , and with a shriek the man bolted through the entrance , then slowed to the jerky walk of a puppet , his uniform blazing . 
 The marines let him advance . 
 When he sank on his knees , they had allowed him to UNK without administering the stroke of mercy . 
 Matsuo had UNK death and was pitched on a stack of corpses , both the burned and the UNK , the latter UNK rapidly under the tropical sun . 
 The callous marines had laughed at each other's UNK , while UNK bodies . 
 Matsuo repeatedly choked down his own UNK . 
 At nightfall he had been able to UNK down a hillside and into the jungle , UNK of death . 
 UNK he peered to the left , to the right into the UNK , UNK maze . 
 He decided that the marines must be UNK around the meadow , with the one left to UNK him . 
 He strained his hearing . 
 UNK feet stepping on UNK ; ; 
 faint creaking of belts and UNK ; ; 
 whispers : he heard none of these . 
 Only the hum of insects and the distant fluttering call of a bird . 
 Because he couldn't hear them , he was more convinced they were there . 
 A spectacle occurred across the meadow : the lone marine took a seat on the ground ; ; 
 leaning sidewise on a tree trunk , he embraced it . 
 UNK made Matsuo tremble . 
 While his comrades cocked the trap , that one behaved as if it was some dull maneuver . 
 Taking aim at the man's face , Matsuo squeezed the trigger up to the point of discharge , and then he changed his mind . 
 He wanted the UNK marine to know fear , and so he aimed above the head . 
 The shot UNK in diminishing UNK of sound . 
 UNK followed . 
 Like a UNK boy expecting punishment , Matsuo awaited reaction from the jungle . 
 How stupid to give his position away . 
 The jungle did not retort . 
 The sitter remained seated hugging the tree . 
 Before long the atmosphere UNK to its old normalcy , and insects UNK and birds occasionally called . 
 Matsuo puzzled and grew anxious over the complete UNK , concluding that he was the butt of a UNK joke . 
 Five or so minutes later the marine abruptly pulled up and stepped into sunlight , immediately throwing his hands over his eyes . 
 He went into a whirling dance , a sort of blind UNK of the tail . 
 It ended when he tumbled ; ; 
 but jumping right up , he staggered in no particular direction . 
 He wore no head cover of any kind and , more odd , had no visible weapon . 
 With a sudden UNK he lurched in UNK direction , crossing the meadow in a zigzagging gallop . 
 When he got closer to the tree , Matsuo noted the wild look on his face . 
 The pockets of his jacket UNK . 
 Hand grenades . 
 The UNK head was a poor target , so Matsuo shot him in the upper trunk . 
 The marine spun , clapping a hand high on his chest , and dived forward . 
 In the UNK that followed the echoes , Matsuo was tense . 
 They could come on him now without difficulty . 
 Gradually he reached a conclusion . 
 The marine was alone , for they were impatient people and by now would have UNK to knock him from the tree . 
 Down the tree he scrambled and knelt at the edge of foliage . 
 The marine was sprawled some thirty yards away , one arm extended . 
 Matsuo jumped when the hidden arm flopped out . 
 UNK ? ? 
 Rifle leveled on the man , he made a rush . 
 Heat , in the sunlight , pressed in like an invisible crowd . 
 He squatted by the head , gently placing the rifle on the ground . 
 With a UNK motion he grasped the hair , and , twisting , pulled the marine over on his back . 
 He was bearded . 
 The bullet had penetrated in the area of the right UNK ; ; 
 around the hole , blood glistened in a little patch . 
 UNK his clutch on the hair , Matsuo watched the closed eyes while UNK in the jacket pockets . 
 In one : a package of cigarettes and a UNK lighter , both sticky from the man's bleeding . 
 In the other : a UNK with broken crystal wrapped in a dirty handkerchief . 
 One by one he tossed the objects aside . 
 He didn't smoke and could not light fires with a UNK lighter ; ; 
 he had no use any longer for exact time , even had the watch been running . 
 Then there was no saying how many times the marine had blown his nose on the handkerchief . 
 Too bad the marine had no water . 
 From its holder he took his own UNK . 
 The cap was stuck and made a thin rusty UNK as he applied pressure . 
 The marine's eyes opened , squeezed shut , then opened UNK in the glare . 
 So , alive . 
 Matsuo put the bottle to his own lips . 
 The marine reached up a hand . 
 Matsuo shook his head . 
 `` None for you '' . 
 The marine blinked , soon dropping his hand . 
 Not only had he no UNK , but he lacked even the belt to hang one on . 
 `` You came well equipped to die '' . 
 Some odor made him lean over the man . 
 He sniffed and recognized it . 
 UNK . 
 So that had been his difficulty . 
 UNK on sake , he must have wandered off from his bivouac . 
 The marine tried to roll on his right side , and UNK . 
 When he rolled on the left side , UNK on his left elbow , Matsuo seized his hair and pulled him back over . 
 `` Be a good turtle '' . 
 UNK with one hand Matsuo got the cap back on the water bottle . 
 The smell of sake had UNK yesterday's events in his thoughts . 
 In the caves , with other supplies , they had kept cases of sake . 
 The marine shut his eyes . 
 `` Are you a UNK of flame , marine '' ? ? 
 Matsuo took the small knife from its scabbard and laid it on the ground , out of the marine's reach and away from their shadows . 
 He waited in his squat , gripping the hair . 
 Every so often he turned the knife . 
 Its blade was dazzling in the intense sunlight . 
 The sun was noon high and Matsuo UNK until his body was dripping . 
 UNK also were the marine's UNK and the face had an oily film . 
 The man had thrown the left hand over his eyes . 
 Now and again he murmured something that ended in a UNK . 
 He must have saturated himself in the drink , for the bullet not to shock him out of his drunken haze . 
 Matsuo shook his head . 
 Strange . 
 At last he reached for the knife . 
 Even the bone handle UNK , and he retrieved the marine's handkerchief to wrap it . 
 First he barely touched the blade on the hand which shaded the eyes . 
 The marine yelled and flung the hand away . 
 With a firm grip on the man's hair Matsuo applied the blade flat on a cheek . 
 A shrill UNK , kicked legs , and groping hands that circled UNK wrist . 
 Matsuo UNK free and burned the hands into retreat ; ; 
 burned the other cheek ; ; 
 burned each hand when they came groping again . 
 The marine commenced to weep and it UNK the sense of enjoyment . 
 Matsuo stood up . 
 `` A small measure of payment , marine '' . 
 He dropped the knife in its scabbard , hung the rifle behind a shoulder . 
 The marine , hands on cheeks , rolled by his UNK side onto his stomach . 
 He ceased weeping . 
 Matsuo walked toward his tree , once glancing back . 
 The marine was still . 
 He would soon die . 
 As Matsuo climbed by using the vines and kicking his feet against the trunk , a mood of gloom immersed him like a jungle shadow . 
 What now ? ? 
 In the jungle , birds were UNK , while insects preserved only the monotony of living . 
 Someone called . 
 It was the marine : head lifted , he strained and called . 
 Then he astonished Matsuo by pushing and dragging himself until he sat . 
 He cupped his mouth and yelled . 
 Matsuo UNK the rifle off his shoulder . 
 Once and for all he'd finish this marine who would not die . 
 He aimed , but listened . 
 It sounded as if the man were calling him : `` Hey , Japanese hey there , Japanese '' . 
 The man tilted back his head and went through the UNK of drinking from a container . 
 He performed the act twice more , and the begging in his tone grew more distinct . 
 `` UNK '' ? ? 
 Matsuo called . 
 The marine nodded vigorously . 
 Matsuo laughed , UNK the rifle . 
 The marine was a UNK . 
 His superiors had said that all marines were UNK . 
 The marine slumped forward into a bow like a priest before an idol . 
 UNK his own thirst , Matsuo took out his water bottle . 
 One swallow was all he would have ; ; 
 he was very thirsty , but he must observe water discipline . 
 His years of UNK had taught him the value of water discipline . 
 He began to UNK the bottle , the rusty cap UNK on its threads . 
 UNK upright , the marine waved both hands and shouted . 
 Of course it was water he really UNK ; ; 
 down in the UNK of the sun he was becoming dried out . 
 The marine shouted for it until it seemed that his voice had to crack . 
 Matsuo shook his head . 
 He had no water for an enemy . 
 And when this was gone , he hadn't even a little bitter UNK to UNK other water if he were to discover some stagnant jungle pool . 
 He UNK the bottle and replaced it . 
 After all , he had less reason to desire it than the marine . 
 Before much longer the marine UNK down . 
 His head slumped . 
 The upper part of his UNK had stained dark . 
 `` Marine . 
 There is nothing for you '' , Matsuo said . 
 `` Your superiors will certainly beat you for your UNK , besides the UNK of it . 
 I've nothing for you '' . 
 From the UNK UNK of the man's shoulders it was plain he had resumed the weeping . 
 He reminded Matsuo of a similar thing he had witnessed in China . 
 In China it was a baby sitting on a railroad platform , UNK , UNK , with the village burning about him and shells exploding . 
 UNK scraped back and customers hastily vacated their tables as the tall young buffalo hunter pushed open the swing doors and walked towards the bar . 
 Only Blue Throat and his gang stayed where they were . 
 Blue Throat was slumped with his back against the bar , elbows supporting his massive frame . 
 He UNK at the stranger as the distance between them closed . 
 `` Since when did they allow UNK kids into the saloon bars of this town , boys '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 `` Seems to me I don't remember altering any law about that '' . 
 He straightened up , alert now as the buffalo hunter came closer . 
 `` Stay right here where you are , kid '' , he called . 
 `` I don't aim to have minors breathing down my neck when I'm UNK '' : 
 The stranger ignored him . 
 He didn't stop till he was within three feet of Blue Throat and by that time the gang leader's right hand was on the butt of his revolver . 
 `` I'm Billy Tilghman '' , said the stranger , `` and I've come for Pat UNK body '' . 
 `` And what makes you think you're going to get it , pretty boy '' ? ? 
 `` Because I'm asking . 
 Most of the time I get what I ask for '' . 
 Blue Throat winked at his six UNK . 
 `` The kid has no manners , boys . 
 Shall we teach him some '' ? ? 
 His gun was half drawn when he asked the question , but the weapon never left its holster . 
 Tilghman's clenched fist swept over in a terrific right cross and UNK the big UNK on the side of his chin . 
 His head snapped round and he UNK back , crashing into the table where his buddies were sprawling . 
 Tilghman UNK on to him , dragged him upright and hit him again , this time sending him UNK against the bar . 
 A bullet UNK into the bar top an inch from Tilghman's stomach as Blue Throat's UNK started shooting . 
 Tilghman flung himself aside , dropped on one knee and pulled his own gun . 
 The Colt roared twice and two men dropped , writhing . 
 A third shot UNK the light . 
 Somewhere at the far end of the room a voice yelled , `` You all right , Billy '' ? ? 
 `` Yes , George , but I ain't got poor old UNK body yet . 
 And I aim to have it '' . 
 He fired again , and somewhere in the gloom a man screamed . 
 Another took off his gun belt and flung his weapons to the floor . 
 `` OK , Tilghman , I'm quitting '' . 
 `` And me '' , said another Blue Throat UNK . 
 Somebody brought a light . 
 Tilghman and his partner , George UNK , UNK the men into a corner . 
 `` And now '' , said Tilghman with deadly calm , `` I'll repeat what I said . 
 I've come for Pat UNK body '' . 
 In two minutes the body of Tilghman's former comrade , who had been killed by Blue Throat in a gambling UNK the previous night , was carried into the town's funeral parlor to be prepared for decent burial . 
 Blue Throat , nursing an aching jaw and a UNK dose of wounded pride , rode out of town with the survivors of the fight . 
 `` That UNK will be back tomorrow '' , predicted George UNK , `` and he'll bring fifty of his kind back with him . 
 Blue Throat won't stand for this . 
 He'll shoot up the town '' . 
 The prediction was correct . 
 The Reverend James UNK had scarcely completed Pat UNK last rites on UNK Hill in the UNK of UNK , when shots were heard in the distance . 
 `` Amen '' , said the Reverend UNK , grabbing his rifle UNK up against a UNK , `` and now my brethren , it would seem that our presence is required elsewhere '' . 
 Billy Tilghman and his comrades rode off to the battle . 
 Blue Throat , who had ruled the town with his UNK for the last six months , certainly had no intention of relinquishing his profitable dictatorship . 
 It was essential that he should restore his formidable reputation as a UNK , ruthless UNK , and this was the UNK Wild West method of doing it . 
 He rode in at the head of sixty UNK and UNK UNK and took over a livery barn at the entrance to Main Street . 
 The entire length of the street could be raked with rifle fire from this barn . 
 Any posse riding down the street to demand Blue Throat's surrender would be wiped out with one deadly burst of fire . 
 The UNK citizens of UNK had gathered inside UNK UNK , halfway down the street . 
 Several were firing into the barn when Billy Tilghman arrived . 
 He sized up the situation and shook his head . 
 `` If Blue Throat has his way he'll keep us all UNK up in here for days '' , he said . 
 `` There's only one thing to move him fast , and we have it right here in this very store '' . 
 He called the store owner and together they went into the UNK . 
 Billy returned with six sticks of dynamite . 
 `` I'm gonna drop these into Blue Throat's lap '' , he announced , `` and I'd like every gun to be firing into that barn while I get near enough to toss 'em through the window '' . 
 He slipped outside , hugging the walls of buildings and UNK into UNK . 
 Blue Throat's men spotted him and a hail of bullets UNK the store fronts and board walk as he passed . 
 Fifty yards away from the barn he UNK inside a UNK shop and came out at the back . 
 Here he couldn't be seen by Blue Throat and his gang . 
 All he had to do was light the UNK of the dynamite sticks , run to within ten yards of an open window in the barn and UNK the sticks through . 
 Billy Tilghman did just that . 
 Within seconds the big barn was blasted into smoking UNK , with every UNK either dead or injured inside . 
 It was the abrupt end of Blue Throat's dictatorship in UNK . 
 Though only slightly injured himself the big UNK never returned to those parts . 
 To Tilghman the incident was just one of a long list of UNK , UNK adventures on the side of the law which started in UNK when he was only eighteen years old , and did not end till fifty years later when he was shot dead after warning a drunk to be quiet . 
 Of all the UNK UNK tough boys of the Old West , `` Uncle Billy Tilghman '' stands out head and shoulders . 
 He was the UNK who survived more UNK than any other famous UNK character in the book . 
 He saw the most action , beat up more UNK with his bare fists , broke up the most gangs and sent more murderers to the UNK than any other U.S. marshal who lived before or after him . 
 For fifty years his guns and UNK fists shot holes through and battered the UNK out of the enemies of law and order in the frontier towns of the West . 
 The deeds of countless western UNK and UNK have been glorified almost to the point of UNK , but because Billy Tilghman remained strictly on the side of the law throughout his UNK career , his achievements and the appalling risks he took while UNK the West have remained almost UNK . 
 Citizens took the view that a UNK was expected to risk his life on the odd occasion anyway , but this fighting fury of a man risked it regularly over a period of half a century . 
 He came within an ace of being UNK with bullets during his long fight with the Doolin gang which UNK Oklahoma in the UNK . 
 UNK by Bill Doolin , these UNK specialized in train UNK but as a UNK they UNK stores and robbed banks , making liberal use of their guns . 
 Bill UNK ambition , it appeared , was to UNK out his name with bullets alongside those of UNK James and Billy the Kid , and Bill Tilghman had sworn he would stop him . 
 Tilghman knew that some ranchers were UNK with the Doolin gang . 
 They bought UNK cattle from the UNK , kept him supplied with guns and ammunition , UNK his men in their houses . 
 Billy decided to set an example by arresting one of the ranchers , named Ed Dunn , who lived at Rock Fort . 
 On a bitterly cold day in January , 1895 , accompanied only by Neal Brown as his deputy , Tilghman left the UNK of UNK and headed for Rock Fort and UNK ranch . 
 It was snowing hard when they got there and they saw no horses outside . 
 The only evidence of occupation came from the chimney , which was UNK out thick smoke . 
 The two UNK halted their wagon about twenty yards from the door . 
 `` Wait here , Neal '' , said Tilghman . 
 `` If I don't come out within half an hour ride back to town and bring out a posse '' . 
 Leaving his rifle in the wagon , Tilghman walked up to the door and UNK on it . 
 There was no reply so he shoved it open with his foot and stepped inside . 
 Directly opposite the door was a roaring log fire , a welcome sight on that bitterly cold day . 
 UNK near it with his back to the door was the rancher , Ed Dunn . 
 `` Hello , Ed '' , said Tilghman . 
 The rancher grunted an UNK but didn't move . 
 Tilghman closed the door behind him and walked towards the fire . 
 Suddenly he saw something which made his big heart give a UNK UNK and caused the hairs to UNK on the back of his neck . 
 Along each side of the room were six UNK bunks , each one UNK off with a curtain . 
 And projecting UNK through these curtains were the gleaming UNK of six rifles , all trained on Billy Tilghman . 
 The fighting marshal had walked right into a trap and at any moment six slugs might UNK into his hide . 
 Thinking fast , Tilghman never hesitated for one instant . 
 He walked right up to the fire as though UNK unaware of the guns covering him . 
 The men behind them were Bill Doolin and five of his gang -- every man a killer . 
 `` Cold day '' , said Tilghman , placing his hands behind him and casually presenting his UNK to the fire . 
 `` Just dropped in to ask where Jed UNK lives . 
 Can't seem to locate landmarks in this snow '' . 
 The rancher was trembling . 
 He wouldn't look Tilghman in the face . 
 `` Follow the river for five miles '' , he said hoarsely . 
 `` UNK UNK is on the south bank '' . 
 UNK the overwhelming temptation to UNK himself out of that UNK UNK , Tilghman deliberately engaged the nervous rancher in trivial conversation for a good ten minutes . 
 All that time rifle barrels were pointing UNK at his head and body . 
 One false move on his part and he would be a dead man . 
 `` Well '' , he announced , `` Guess I'll be going now , Ed , and thanks for the UNK '' . 
 He strolled back to the door , whistling softly , hands still UNK behind him . 
 He left the house and almost certain death without even increasing his pace and wondered by what remarkable stroke of Providence he had been allowed to come out alive . 
 But he knew well enough that those guns would still be trained on his back as he walked towards the wagon . 
 If he showed signs of collecting his rifle and going back with his deputy to the ranch he would be shot down instantly . 
 UNK he climbed on to the wagon next to Neal Brown . 
 `` Don't say or do anything '' , he said softly . 
 `` Just get out of here without it looking as though we're in a hurry . 
 That place is crawling with Bill Doolin and his gang '' . 
 Even as he spoke those words Billy Tilghman's life hung on a thread . 
 Back in the house a UNK named Red Buck , sore because Billy had been allowed to leave UNK , jumped from a bunk and swore he was going after him to kill him right then . 
 `` You'll stay right here '' , commanded Bill Doolin , covering Red with his rifle . 
 `` Billy Tilghman is too good a man to shoot in the back . 
 We'll let him go '' . 
 But the fighting UNK UNK run of immunity from violent death came to a full and final stop one night in a street at Cromwell , Oklahoma , where he had been sent to clean up the gambling and vice UNK . 
 Wiley Lynn , a UNK prohibition officer , had hit town the previous day and had been drinking ever since . 
 That night he UNK out of Ma UNK dance hall and proceeded to disturb the peace by shooting off his revolver . 
 For several months now , Jack Carter , a big overgrown boy of fifteen with a fuzzy , UNK face and UNK UNK eyes with a lot of red in them , had been haunted by a dream , a vision , of a Woman . 
 This Woman had no distinct shape or size and no particular face , but she radiated warmth , a sweet warmth ; ; 
 she would talk to him in a UNK voice about things his mother would have said were not nice and put her hands on him and kiss him UNK . 
 When she would do these things , he would turn blind for an instant and become sick at his stomach . 
 Then he would run to the toilet behind the house . 
 Sometimes he did this three or four times a day , for this Woman was almost always with him . 
 He would feel ashamed each time and wonder whether his mother and father knew -- thinking they might see it in his eyes or smell it on him . 
 But they never said anything , so he figured it was all right . 
 And so when Miss Langford came to teach at the UNK Chestnut school , where Jack was a pupil in the eighth grade , the Woman of Jack's mind assumed the UNK face and figure . 
 He could not keep his eyes off her when at school ; ; 
 when he went home at night , he took her with him in his mind , and she did the things the anonymous Woman used to do , and he did the thing afterwards each time as he used to do . 
 When he awoke in the mornings , she was in his mind and he could hardly wait to get to school to be near her in the flesh . 
 Miss Langford ( her first name was Evelyn ) was an attractive girl . 
 UNK , blonde , UNK , fair , UNK without being heavy , she cut a fine figure of UNK UNK as she swished among the pupils in her fresh , UNK summer dress . 
 Something was beginning to stir and come alive in her , too ( it may have been there for a good while , since she was twenty now ; ; 
 but if it had been , it had been smothered until now by fear ) : you could tell it by the way she watched the older , bigger boys , like Jack . 
 She would look at Jack , with that hidden something in her eyes , and Jack would see the Woman and become breathless and a little sick . 
 School began in August , the hottest part of the year , and for the first few days Miss Langford was very UNK with the children , letting them play a lot and the new ones sort of get acquainted with one another . 
 The first two or three days they went home early . 
 All , that is , except Jack . 
 He hung around the schoolhouse , watching through a window from outside while Miss Langford straightened desks and put the room in order . 
 Once ( this was on the third day of school ) she UNK down to pick up some books where they'd dropped on the floor and Jack looked up her dress -- at the bare expanse of incredibly white leg . 
 He thought for a moment his heart had stopped beating . 
 About that time Miss Langford straightened up and looked out the window directly at him , he thought , although probably she didn't even see him . 
 He jumped back , ducked and ran , UNK , down the hill away from the school . 
 He didn't look back and he ran until he was out of sight of the schoolhouse and out of breath ; ; 
 then he slowed to a walk . 
 The vision became even stronger now . 
 `` I'll get her yet '' , he muttered to himself . 
 `` I've got to get her '' . 
 That night he dreamed a dream violent with passion , in which he and the Woman , now the teacher , did everything except engage in the act ( and this probably only because he had never engaged in the act in reality ) , and when he awoke the next morning his heart was UNK . 
 He ate UNK that morning , and his mother became concerned , UNK as he usually ate heartily . 
 `` What's the matter , honey '' ? ? 
 She said , with the UNK of a middle-aged woman for her only child . 
 `` Aren't you hungry '' ? ? 
 `` No , I'm not hungry '' , he said , pushing back the bacon and eggs . 
 Outside it was already hot at 7:30 A.M. , and it was getting hot in the kitchen . 
 He felt a little sick at his stomach . 
 `` Are you sick '' ? ? 
 `` No '' , he said . 
 `` I'll be all right . 
 I guess it's this hot weather '' . 
 `` Don't you play hard today then . 
 And if you get sick , ask the teacher to let you come home early . 
 UNK left the car for me , and I'm going to town this afternoon '' . 
 `` UNK , I won't play hard '' , he promised . 
 Just then Charles UNK yelled , `` Hey , Jack '' , from the quarry road which ran behind the Carter house , and Jack grabbed the lunch from the table and darted out the kitchen door , yelling `` UNK , UNK '' over his shoulder . 
 `` UNK say , boy '' ? ? 
 Charles said , grinning , showing his huge yellow teeth . 
 Charles , also fifteen , was tall and skinny , UNK , with straight black hair like an Indian's and sharp brown eyes . 
 He considered himself handsome and seemed to think all the girls were after him . 
 `` You know what I done last night '' ? ? 
 Charles said as they picked their way over the rocky road which led up the hill away from the UNK Highway , through a corn field and a patch of woods to the school . 
 Jack knew of course that the tale to be unfolded would involve a girl and probably be dirty , because girls were Charles' only apparent interest . 
 But Jack always derived UNK sensual UNK from Charles' UNK ( even when he suspected his friend of exaggeration or invention ) , so he usually invited them , as he did now . 
 `` No . 
 What '' ? ? 
 `` I got Margaret Rider in one of them old box cars down there by the quarry '' . 
 A nude imaginary picture of Miss Langford flashed across Jack's mind . 
 His heart beat faster . 
 `` Hell you say '' ? ? 
 He said , UNK into the profanity he often used when away from his parents and especially when he was with Charles . 
 `` UNK you do it '' ? ? 
 `` Hell , I jist got on top of -- '' 
 `` No , I mean UNK you get her to do it '' ? ? 
 `` Hell , I jist ask her '' . 
 `` UNK like that '' ? ? 
 `` Hell , yes . 
 She's been UNK around me a lot here lately , and I UNK I might as UNK try it . 
 Besides I heard her old uncle that stays there has been UNK it '' . 
 `` I never heard that '' . 
 `` It's all over UNK . 
 If you'd get out of your back yard once in a while you might even get her your UNK '' . 
 `` I might try it one of these days '' , Jack said UNK , thinking of Miss Langford . 
 When they reached the school , a gang of boys and girls were already there playing `` crack the whip '' in front of the schoolhouse . 
 Miss Langford , in a fresh white dress and UNK white sandals , without socks , was out there with them , trying to get them inside . 
 `` Time for books '' , she yelled , UNK a little UNK store bell in her right hand . 
 `` Let's go inside '' . 
 `` Oh , come on Miss Langford , play with us just UNK '' , one of the little girls begged , smiling wistfully . 
 `` No , not now '' , said the teacher . 
 `` Maybe at dinner time . 
 Come inside now '' . 
 The children grudgingly stopped playing then and UNK into the schoolhouse . 
 Jack watched Miss Langford all morning . 
 He could think of nothing else save his mental image of her nude figure and what Charles had said that morning about Margaret Rider . 
 Occasionally he would look across the aisle at Margaret , fourteen and UNK in a fresh green UNK dress , sitting in the UNK row , and he could hardly believe she would do what Charles had said she did . 
 At UNK , remembering what the teacher had said about maybe playing with the kids , Jack stayed close to the schoolhouse while all the other big boys , except Charles , went off out the road to play ball . 
 `` Why ain't you UNK ball '' ? ? 
 He asked Charles suspiciously as they sat in the UNK shade , watching the girls UNK in front of the schoolhouse . 
 `` Miss Langford , come out and play with us like you promised '' , several of the little girls called . 
 `` I'd UNK stay here and watch the girls '' , Charles grinned . 
 `` Maybe some of 'em will fall down and we'll see up their dress '' . 
 `` Maybe '' , Jack said idly , watching for Miss Langford . 
 Presently she came out of the schoolhouse . 
 When she appeared , two or three of the little girls jumped up and down , yelling , `` UNK , UNK '' . 
 `` Let's play with 'em '' , Jack said , rising from where he sat on the ground and dusting off his overall pants . 
 `` O.K. '' Charles rose also , and the two of them moved over to join the girls . 
 They played crack the whip a few minutes without mishap . 
 Then when Miss Langford was on the end of the line of girls , Jack , in the middle of the line , gave an extra hard pull and the young teacher sprawled UNK , sitting down hard , her dress flying over her head . 
 While she was struggling to get her skirt down and get on her feet again , Jack ran over , offered her his hand and said , `` UNK , I'm sorry , Miss Langford . 
 I didn't mean to pull so hard '' . 
 `` That's all right '' , she said , tossing her head back to get the hair out of her eyes . 
 `` It was my fault '' . 
 With one hand she held her skirt down while she took Jack's extended hand with the other . 
 When her hand touched his , fire went through Jack and he felt weak , but he managed somehow to get her on her feet . 
 He thought she gave him that look with the hidden something in it as he let her hand go . 
 `` Thank you '' , she said , dusting herself off . 
 `` Will you play with us again , Miss Langford '' ? ? 
 One of the little girls said . 
 `` No more today . 
 Maybe some other day '' . 
 `` Oh , UNK '' , the girl said . 
 `` I don't believe I'll play any more neither '' . 
 `` Me neither '' , others said , and soon the game broke up , the children going off in pairs , in larger groups and alone . 
 Jack walked off alone out the road in the UNK midday sun , past Robert UNK UNK , UNK house , toward the field where the other boys were playing ball , thinking of what he would do in order to make Miss Langford have him stay in after school -- because this was the day he had decided when he thought he saw the look in her eyes . 
 When he came back to the schoolhouse , his mind was made up . 
 He simply would not work his arithmetic problems when the teacher held his class . 
 That should do it , he thought , because Miss Langford had said she was going to be strict about school work . 
 He had considered throwing UNK or UNK UNK at someone or pulling the hair of the girl sitting in front of him , but he couldn't take a chance on either of these possibilities : the teacher probably would make him stand UNK in a corner instead of stay in after school . 
 The only UNK now to the plan he'd decided on was that someone else might fail to do his work , too , and the teacher would have that person stay late along with Jack . 
 `` But I've got to take a chance on it '' , he told himself desperately . 
 To his surprise his plan worked perfectly . 
 `` All right , if you can't do your arithmetic during school hours you can do it after school is out '' , Miss Langford said firmly , not smiling . 
 `` You will stay here thirty minutes after the others go home this afternoon and work your problems '' . 
 And so when the others UNK out that afternoon Jack remained UNK in his seat near a window , looking out in what he hoped was a UNK manner , while the other kids laughed and yelled in at him and made faces as they dispersed , going home . 
 He scarcely saw them . 
 His heart was pounding like a mighty UNK and he was trying to think , his mind seeming to scream at him like a hurt or frightened child , `` How will I do it ? ? 
 On the fringe of the amused UNK of white UNK stood a young woman of remarkable beauty and poise . 
 She UNK little UNK UNK called UNK belly and kept her green , somewhat UNK eyes fixed on a UNK male who was UNK wildly with a UNK king snake wrapped around his bronze neck . 
 The youth with the snake had a natural pride and joy of life which appealed to the woman . 
 UNK and muscular , he had UNK features , and his light color told of the European ancestors who had been intimate with the slave women of his family . 
 The UNK white girl turned to a distinguished , UNK man standing at her side and murmured : `` Look at your watch , Col. UNK . 
 It is almost time for and UNK to begin '' . 
 Col. Henri UNK was one of New Orleans' most important and enlightened slave owners . 
 He chuckled and gave the signal for the dance to start . 
 The slaves ran gaily to the center of Congo Square and gathered around a sweaty youth they called Johnny UNK . 
 Johnny vigorously pounded two bleached steer bones against the UNK which served as his drum . 
 He showed his gleaming UNK of teeth and bellowed UNK , his brass UNK UNK UNK as he shook and trembled in ecstasy . 
 The UNK UNK the UNK with frantic intensity as the dancers began the UNK , a sensual UNK which had long been a favorite of UNK practitioners and their disciples in the Louisiana slave compounds . 
 The dance was of UNK origin . 
 The white girl with the penetrating green eyes UNK the UNK handed to her by a handsome man of about 30 , who had UNK skin and UNK eyebrows . 
 He was possessive in his manner and , though a slave , obviously was educated after a fashion and imitated the manners of his owners . 
 He proudly wore the blue livery of her house , for the girl was Madame Delphine Lalaurie , wife of the prominent surgeon , Dr. Louis Lalaurie , who bore one of the South's oldest and most cherished names . 
 Delphine was a UNK in high society . 
 She was a top UNK and one of the city's most gracious UNK . 
 Although New Orleans was not to learn of it for a spell , she also was a UNK , a nymphomaniac and UNK mad -- the UNK of some of the worst crimes against humanity ever committed on American soil . 
 Madame Lalaurie UNK with her riding crop toward the UNK youth who was UNK and writhing with the king snake still draped over his bare shoulders . 
 The slender , handsome fellow was called Dandy Brandon by the other slaves . 
 He was gifted with animal magnetism and a potent UNK for women of any race . 
 But Dandy had had little experience with girls on his master's plantation in UNK St. John . 
 UNK , actually , he avoided feminine UNK and seemed truly ignorant of the UNK desires when they sought to make UNK with him in the open fields , in carriages and in UNK . 
 This young slave was therefore quite unprepared when Delphine Lalaurie UNK that she wanted him to draw near . 
 The woman eyed the youth with the UNK a coin collector might display toward a rare UNK which is not yet in his collection . 
 `` What is your name , boy ? ? 
 Come a bit closer . 
 I won't bite , you know '' . 
 He UNK at Madame Lalaurie and sniffed the Paris perfume which UNK from her . 
 Then he smiled shyly . 
 `` My name is Dandy Brandon , UNK . 
 I belong to Master Alexander Prieur '' . 
 She said with intense feeling : `` Come near , let me feel your arms . 
 You look quite strong and healthy to me , Dandy '' . 
 Mrs. Lalaurie impatiently UNK the slave toward her waiting carriage . 
 UNK her skirts , she climbed in , never relinquishing her grip on his arm . 
 The woman seemed utterly unafraid of the snake which UNK on the floor in a UNK . 
 Once inside the UNK UNK , she drew the curtains and proceeded to give the startled youth the kind of physical examination usually reserved for army UNK . 
 UNK at last , and after a few UNK UNK on her part which convinced Delphine that Dandy was capable of learning new arts , she opened the window and called to her UNK driver . 
 This was the big man with the UNK air and the UNK , UNK eyebrows . 
 `` UNK ! ! 
 I want you to find Monsieur Prieur at once and give him this money for the boy's purchase . 
 There's $600 in gold in this UNK sack . 
 If the old fool argues about the price , tell him I shall order my husband not to treat him as a patient any longer . 
 Prieur has UNK and depends on UNK pills and UNK . 
 Besides , he owns 300 slaves . 
 One less shouldn't matter to him '' . 
 UNK UNK , the UNK UNK who had been brought in chains years before from his native UNK UNK , smiled UNK and touched his UNK UNK hat . 
 His bold eyes raked the woman , and a UNK spectator might sense that there was more to their relationship than that of slave to owner . 
 `` Another youth , Madame '' ? ? 
 The UNK said softly . 
 `` This one is a tender chicken , UNK ? ? 
 Such delicate beauty , such fine flesh . 
 It will rip and UNK easily for Madame '' . 
 `` Be quiet , UNK ! ! 
 You are forgetting your place '' . 
 The tall UNK walked off briskly in search of Alexander Prieur . 
 Delphine Lalaurie took the reins in her UNK hands and drove Dandy Brandon -- UNK in the back seat of the carriage -- to her mansion at UNK UNK Street . 
 Dr. Louis Lalaurie stood on the veranda at the head of the driveway and watched his carriage as it approached the UNK mansion . 
 Dandy , curiosity overcoming his apprehensions , peered out at the doctor from the window of the vehicle . 
 He saw a UNK man with a graying spade beard and an unusually large head . 
 Dr. Lalaurie wore a UNK smoking jacket , and his UNK eyes were UNK and glistened behind thick UNK lenses . 
 He was about 50 years old . 
 `` Another young man , my dear ? ? 
 Really , you are most UNK to drive him here yourself '' , he said , frowning with displeasure . 
 Delphine presented her cheek for a kiss , and the physician UNK it like a timid UNK . 
 `` Dandy is to be our house guest , Louis . 
 I want the room in the attic prepared for him He is a most unusual lad , quite UNK in many ways . 
 He deserves a better life than just UNK away on the Prieur plantation '' . 
 `` Quite so , my dear . 
 His room will be ready shortly '' . 
 The physician led the horses to the stable after a cursory glance at the UNK slave . 
 Had Dandy been older or wiser , instinct might have warned him that he would be well advised to UNK from the UNK tender care if he valued his life . 
 But he liked the smell of UNK perfume . 
 Besides , her UNK and caresses in the carriage had been new and stirring experiences to the simple youth . 
 Also , he was weary of plantation UNK and monotony . 
 So Dandy Brandon UNK entered the house with Delphine Lalaurie and trudged up the rear steps to the attic room which was to be his new home . 
 UNK and dingy though it was , the attic represented luxury to a slave who had led a wretched life with six brothers and sisters and UNK relatives in a UNK at UNK St. John . 
 He bounced UNK on the sagging bed and was even more delighted when Madame Lalaurie -- after closing the door -- showed the slave that the bed was designed for something other than UNK . 
 It was just as well that the ignorant Dandy enjoyed himself to the UNK that first evening , for the room was to become his prison cell . 
 When he finally left the sinister mansion on UNK Street , he was carried out in a coroner's basket . 
 Just six weeks after Dandy UNK arrival at the mansion , the little surgeon and his UNK young wife gave their annual open house and ball , to which only New Orleans' oldest and UNK families were invited . 
 A UNK orchestra played softly behind the UNK palms , and Delphine circulated UNK among her guests , UNK UNK of the forthcoming races , the latest fashions from Paris , and Louisiana politics . 
 Suddenly there was a commotion upstairs , a despairing boyish shriek , and the strains of the UNK UNK and died as the musicians and guests UNK at an UNK descending the marble staircase . 
 It was Dandy Brandon , clad only in a bloody UNK , UNK and UNK as if the devil were breathing hard on him . 
 The UNK once superb body was a mass of scars and UNK . 
 His pinched face showed the UNK of malnutrition . 
 UNK he pointed an accusing finger at Madame Lalaurie and shouted : `` UNK woman ! ! 
 You did this you like to hurt to beat people I want to go home '' . 
 These were the last words he ever uttered . 
 UNK , he spat up some blood and collapsed into the arms of Senator UNK UNK , UNK the UNK shirt and UNK the politician wore . 
 Dr. Louis Lalaurie examined the inert form of the slave on the UNK dance floor and pronounced him dead . 
 The ball broke up in confusion . 
 Guests stared with horror at Madame Lalaurie and made speedy departures . 
 Delphine stood like stone , her eyes alive with hate as she looked down at the UNK corpse . 
 But at the coroner's inquest Delphine told a forthright story . 
 `` I saw the boy Dandy at the Congo Square festivities and felt sorry for him . 
 It was our hope to educate him and to give him his freedom when the right time came , for he was a bright and friendly youth who seemed worthy of our interest . 
 After I paid Monsieur Prieur for Dandy , I brought him home , but he was ill at ease and ran away the same night . 
 How he returned in such a ghastly condition , or why , I cannot say . 
 Dr. Lalaurie and I didn't even know he was in the house until the night of our ball when he came down the stairs '' . 
 She UNK at her swimming eyes with a UNK handkerchief and said with obvious emotion : `` That poor boy ! ! 
 He must have fallen in with evil companions , for he was a simple youth and quite trusting and inexperienced . 
 UNK must have robbed and beaten him before bringing him back to our house to die . 
 Such a pitiful end '' ! ! 
 Though the UNK dying words about the woman troubled the coroner's panel , UNK UNK was UNK an UNK by the jury and disregarded . 
 The UNK were at the top UNK of the social ladder , and even a jury didn't feel privileged to doubt the UNK of so UNK a lady . 
 Moreover , runaway slaves frequently got into serious trouble in New Orleans' UNK . 
 So the verdict was `` death at the hands of a person or persons unknown '' , and the elite of the city , accepting UNK testimony , welcomed her and the doctor back into the fold . 
 Once again life went its serene way -- UNK , fox UNK , balls and dinners . 
 The excitement over UNK bizarre death UNK and Madame UNK stock soared when she resumed her self-imposed chores of visiting the poor and bringing UNK and comfort to UNK patients in the county hospital . 
 Then , on July 2 , there occurred another incident which set tongues to UNK at a furious clip . 
 Mrs. Victor UNK , socially prominent and a neighbor of the UNK , UNK to glance out of her parlor window at dusk one evening and UNK an amazing sight . 
 The UNK UNK and his mistress , Delphine Lalaurie , were pursuing a young girl -- an UNK of UNK beauty -- across the front lawn of the Lalaurie mansion . 
 The girl was not more than 16 . 
 She was nude to the waist and her tumbled abundance of black hair did not conceal the knife UNK on her back . 
 The bleeding girl was tiring fast ; ; 
 the UNK and Delphine were gaining on her as she raced down UNK Street . 
 The UNK cried out in an oddly UNK voice : `` Help me , somebody ! ! 
 They have pulled out all my teeth and now she will UNK out my tongue with her UNK ! ! 
 `` UNK '' , he would say , `` all I did was put a beat to that UNK stuff , and the first chair UNK me '' ! ! 
 Since then , and since the pure grain had gotten him divorced from every decent -- and even indecent -- group from Greenwich Village to the UNK , he had become a UNK UNK . 
 `` There ain't nothin' faster , or UNK , or more direct than a UNK freight when you UNK go someplace '' , Feathertop would say . 
 `` The accommodations may not be the UNK , but man ! ! 
 There ain't nobody UNK for your ticket UNK , neither '' . 
 He had been UNK the UNK for a long , long time now . 
 Ever since the UNK , and the trouble with the Quartet , and Midge and the child . 
 Ever since all that . 
 It had been a very long time that had no form and no end . 
 He was -- as he told himself in the UNK of a trade no longer his own -- riding the dark train out . 
 Out and out and never to return again . 
 UNK one day the last freight had been jumped , the last pint had been killed , the last beat had been rapped . 
 That was the day it ended . 
 The freight car was cold , early in the morning . 
 He was pressed far back into the corner of the car on his hay UNK , the rattling and UNK of the wheels on the rails almost covering the sound of his UNK . 
 He held his elbows away from his body , and the little sweet potato UNK neatly and sweetly as he UNK its UNK . 
 The train slowed at a road crossing , and the big door slid open ; ; 
 at first UNK , caught by grains of corn -- then with a clash into its slot . 
 The boy lifted the girl by the waist and set her on the lip of the floor . 
 She pulled her legs up under her , to rise , her full peasant skirt drawing up her thighs , and UNK music UNK away . 
 `` Now that is a very nice , a very nice '' , he murmured to himself , back in his corner . 
 A little thing , but the right twist for the action that counted . 
 Hot , that was the word , hot ! ! 
 UNK like a UNK UNK wings , with the sun shining down over them . 
 A poet , yet ! ! 
 His thoughts for the UNK neck , the full , high breasts , the slim waist , and the long legs were less than poetic , however . 
 UNK ! ! 
 Then the boy UNK himself up , twisting at the last moment so he landed sitting . 
 He was less to see , but Feathertop took him in , too , just to keep the records straight . 
 UNK hair , high cheekbones , wide UNK mouth , a pair of UNK UNK hands , and a body that said well , maybe I can UNK you for ten minutes -- but then I'm finished . 
 `` We made it , Cappy '' , the UNK said . 
 `` Yeah , seems so , don't it '' , the boy laughed , hugging her close . 
 `` UNK '' ! ! 
 Feathertop interrupted , standing up , brushing the pig UNK from his dirty pants . 
 `` None of that . 
 We run a respectable house here '' . 
 They whirled and saw him , standing there dim in the UNK light from the boarded freight wall . 
 He was big , and filthy , and his toes stuck out of the flapping tops of his shoes . 
 He held the black plastic UNK lightly . 
 `` Come sit '' , said Feathertop , UNK them toward him . 
 `` That UNK is softer over here '' . 
 The girl smiled , and started forward . 
 The boy yanked her back hard , UNK her off her feet , and gathered her into the UNK of his arm . 
 `` Now stay with me , Kitty '' , he snapped UNK . 
 `` I vowed to take care of you -- and that's what I'm gonna do . 
 We don't know this guy '' . 
 `` UNK , square bit '' , Feathertop screwed his face up . 
 This guy was strictly from UNK . 
 But nowhere ! ! 
 `` What is with this UNK jazz '' ? ? 
 Feathertop inquired , lounging against the UNK UNK wall . 
 `` We -- we UNK '' , Cappy said . 
 His head came up and he said it UNK . 
 `` Well , congratulations '' . 
 Feathertop made an elaborate motion with his hand . 
 These two were going to be easy UNK . 
 They couldn't have much dough , but then none of the UNK Feathertop rolled had much . 
 And besides , the UNK had a little something the others didn't have . 
 That was gonna be fun collecting ! ! 
 But not just yet . 
 Feathertop was a connoisseur . 
 He liked to UNK his meat before he tasted it . 
 `` Come sit '' , he repeated , UNK to the piled hay bags , over the pig UNK . 
 `` I'm just a poor UNK man , name of -- UNK -- Boyd Smith '' . 
 He grinned at them UNK . 
 `` That ain't your name , Mister '' , the boy accused . 
 `` And you know -- you're right '' ! ! 
 Feathertop aimed a finger at him . 
 `` Oh , come on , Cappy '' , the girl UNK . 
 `` He's okay . 
 He's a nice guy '' . 
 She started to move toward the hay bags , dragging the reluctant Cappy behind her . 
 Feathertop watched the smooth UNK of her slim , trim legs as she walked to the bags , and tucked them beneath her , UNK the skirt out in a wide circle . 
 He cleared his throat ; ; 
 it had been a long , hot while since he'd seen anything as nice as this within UNK distance . 
 He had it all UNK , of course . 
 UNK the kid , grab his dough -- at least enough to get to Philadelphia -- and then have a UNK ball with the doll . 
 UNK -- UNK ! ! 
 `` Where'd you come from , Mr. -- UNK -- Mr. Smith '' ? ? 
 Kitty inquired politely . 
 `` Where from '' ? ? 
 He mused . 
 `` Out . 
 I been riding train for a ways now '' . 
 They UNK into silence , and the freight UNK up a hill , scooted down the other side , shaking and UNK to itself . 
 After a while , Kitty murmured something to Cappy , and he held her close , answering , `` We'll just have to wait till we pull into UNK , honey '' . 
 `` What's the matter , she UNK go the bathroom '' ? ? 
 Ernie found it immensely funny . 
 The boy scowled at him , and the girl looked shocked . 
 `` No ! ! 
 Certainly not , I mean , no that isn't what I said '' ! ! 
 She snapped at him . 
 `` I only said I was hungry . 
 We haven't had anything to eat all day '' . 
 UNK suffused Feathertop Ernie UNK voice as he reached behind him , pulling out a battered carpet bag , with leather handles . 
 `` UNK ya say so , fellow travelers ! ! 
 Why , we got dinner right here . 
 C'mon , buddy , help me set up the kitchen and we'll have food in a minute or two '' . 
 Cappy looked wary , but he moved off the floorboards and followed the dirty UNK to the center of the UNK boxcar . 
 Ernie crouched and opened the carpet bag . 
 He took out a small UNK filled with bits of charcoal , a deep pot of thin metal , some sheets of newspaper , a book of matches and a wrinkled and UNK folded piece of tin foil with holes in it . 
 He put the charcoal in the pot , lit the paper with the matches , and carefully stretched the tin foil across the top of the pot . 
 `` A charcoal pit , man '' , he said , indicating the UNK makeshift UNK . 
 `` UNK it '' , he told Cappy , handing him a sheet of newspaper . 
 `` Yeah , but UNK we gonna eat ? ? 
 UNK '' ? ? 
 `` UNK '' , Ernie UNK a dirty finger at the younger man , `` you try my UNK patience '' . 
 He reached once more into the carpet bag and brought up a package of UNK . 
 `` Hot dogs , man . 
 Not the greatest , but they stick to your belly insides '' . 
 He ripped down the UNK carefully , and laid three dogs on the tin foil . 
 Almost immediately they began to UNK . 
 He looked up and grinned . 
 `` A UNK UNK '' , he explained . 
 `` I UNK '' . 
 When they had licked the last of the UNK taste from their fingers , they settled back , and Cappy offered Ernie a cigarette . 
 Nice kid , Ernie thought , too bad . 
 `` How come you're riding the rods , kids like you '' ? ? 
 Ernie asked . 
 Cappy looked down at his wide hands , and did not reply . 
 But surprisingly , Kitty's face came up and she said , `` My father . 
 He didn't want us to get married . 
 So we ran away '' . 
 `` Why didn't he want you to get UNK '' ? ? 
 This time even she did not answer . 
 She looked down at her hands , too . 
 After a few seconds , she said , `` Dad didn't like Cappy . 
 It was my fault '' . 
 UNK head came around sharply . 
 `` Your fault , hell ! ! 
 It was all my fault . 
 If I'd been careful it never UNK '' -- he stopped abruptly . 
 UNK eyebrows went up . 
 `` What's the matter '' ? ? 
 The girl still did not raise her eyes , but she added simply , `` I'm pregnant '' . 
 Cappy raged at himself . 
 `` Oh he was stupid , her old man ! ! 
 You never heard nothin' like it : Kitty's gonna go have an abortion , and Kitty's gonna go away to a convent , and Kitty's this and Kitty's that like he was nuts or UNK , UNK '' ? ? 
 Ernie nodded . 
 This was a slightly different matter . 
 He remembered Midge , and the child . 
 But that had been a time before all this , a time he didn't think about . 
 A time before the white lightning and the UNK had turned him inside out . 
 But these kids weren't like him . 
 Oh UNK ! ! 
 He thought , UNK out of it , old son . 
 These are just another couple of characters to roll . 
 What they got , you get . 
 Now forget all this other . 
 `` UNK drink '' ? ? 
 Ernie offered , taking the pint of sweet UNK from his jacket pocket . 
 `` Yeah . 
 Now that you offer '' . 
 The answer came from the open door of the boxcar . 
 From the man who had leaped in from the high bank outside , as the train had slowed on the grade . 
 Ernie stared at the man . 
 He was big . 
 Real big , with shoulders out to here , and hair all over him like a UNK . 
 Road gang , Ernie thought . 
 `` You gonna give me a drink , fella '' ? ? 
 The big man asked again , taking a step into the boxcar . 
 Ernie hesitated a moment . 
 This character could break him in half . 
 `` Sure '' , he said , and lifted the pint to his own lips . 
 He UNK down three-quarters of the strong UNK and UNK the remainder . 
 The man stalked toward them , his big boots heavy on the wooden flooring . 
 He took the bottle with undue UNK , and making sucking noises with his thick lips , drained it completely . 
 He threw his head back , closed his eyes , and belched UNK . 
 He belched again , and opening his eyes , threw the bottle out the open door . 
 `` Well , now '' , he said , and reached into his pocket . 
 `` I didn't know I was gonna have company in this car '' . 
 `` We're going to Philadelphia '' , Kitty said , pulling her skirt down around her legs all the more . 
 `` No , I don't think so '' , said the big man , and it was the final UNK for Ernie . 
 He had suspected this guy was trouble , and now he was sure of it . 
 `` Maybe you and me will , UNK , but these two ain't goin' nowhere '' . 
 He advanced on them , and abruptly there was a shocked electricity in the car . 
 Ernie was screaming inside himself : No , damn you , you ain't gonna take my meal ticket away from me ! ! 
 The newcomer stalked toward them , and Kitty UNK back , her hand to her mouth . 
 Her scream split up the silence of the car , accompanied by the rattling of the freight , and then Cappy came off the floor , his legs driving him hard . 
 The kid hit the bigger man with an audible UNK ! ! 
 And carried him backward in a UNK tackle . 
 They went down in a heap and for a long minute there was nothing to see but UNK arms and legs . 
 The kid showed for an instant , and his arm was cocked back . 
 The fist went down into the pile of flesh , and Ernie heard the bigger man's deeper voice go , `` UNK '' ! ! 
 Then they were UNK again , and the big man reached into the same pocket he had gone for earlier , and came up with a vicious UNK . 
 He held the knife UNK an instant -- an instant enough to press the stud . 
 The blade came out with a UNK ! ! 
 He UNK the knife UNK , and drew back to plunge it into the kid's throat . 
 Kitty screamed UNK and her face was white . 
 She grabbed at UNK sleeve and shrieked , `` Help him ! ! 
 Help him ! ! 
 Do something '' ! ! 
 They neither liked nor disliked the Old Man . 
 To them he could have been the broken bell in the church tower which rang before and after Mass , and at noon , and at six each evening -- its tone , UNK , monotonous , never breaking the boredom of the streets . 
 The Old Man was unimportant . 
 Yet if he were not there , they would have missed him , as they would have missed the sounds of bees buzzing against the screen door in early June ; ; 
 or the smell of thick tomato paste -- the ripe smell that was both sweet and UNK -- rising up from aluminum UNK wrapped in UNK UNK . 
 Or the UNK whirling sounds of bats at night , when their black bodies dived into the blackness above and below the UNK street lights . 
 Or the bay of female dogs in heat . 
 They never called him by name , although he had one . 
 UNK UNK , that's what he was called in the old country ; ; 
 but here he was just UNK or the Old Man . 
 But this was not unusual , because youth in these quarters was always pushed at a distance from its elders . 
 Youth obeyed when commanded . 
 It went to church on Sunday and one Saturday a month went to confession . 
 But youth asked nothing of its parents -- not a touch of the hand or a kiss given in passing . 
 The only thing unusual about the Old Man had long since happened . 
 But the past was dead here as the present was dead . 
 Once the Old Man had had a wife . 
 And once she , too , ignored him . 
 With a tiny UNK wrapped around her shoulders , she UNK her UNK UNK down the street before him and didn't stop . 
 In one hand she clutched a hundred dollar bill and in the other a straw suitcase . 
 The way she UNK down the street , the Old Man would have been blind not to have noticed both . 
 Without looking at him , without looking at anything except Drexel Street directly in front of her , she climbed up into one of those orange UNK , rode away in it , and never came back . 
 `` But she shouldn't have come here in the first place '' , the women had said . 
 `` No , no . 
 Not that one . 
 She thought she was bigger than we are because she came from UNK '' . 
 `` Eh , UNK ! ! 
 She gave herself fancy UNK ! ! 
 Just because she had a part on the stage in the old country , she thought she could carry her head higher than ours '' . 
 They had slapped their thighs . 
 `` It's not for making pretty speeches about UNK those UNK get paid so good '' . 
 `` UNK '' ! ! 
 UNK fingers , caressed only by the smoothness of polished UNK , had swayed excitedly beneath UNK UNK where tiny black hairs UNK , never to be UNK away . 
 UNK mouths that had never known anything UNK than the taste of new wine and the passion of man's tongue had not smiled , but had condemned again and again . 
 `` UNK '' ! ! 
 But if the Old Man even thought about his wife now , nobody cared a UNK . 
 It was enough for people to know that at one time he had looked down the street at the UNK UNK of a woman he had consumed -- watching her become thinner and thinner in the distance , as thin as the seams on her stockings , and still thinner . 
 His voice had not commanded her to stop . 
 It had not questioned why . 
 The women said they had seen him wave an exhausted farewell ; ; 
 but he might have been UNK away the UNK that hopped from his yellow dog onto him . 
 ( He was never without that dog . 
 ) And his eyes -- those miniature UNK of UNK yellow -- had not altered their expression or direction . 
 The Old Man's very soul could have left him and flown down that street , but he wouldn't have had anyone know it . 
 Perhaps he had known then where that hundred dollar bill had come from and where it was taking his wife . 
 But when he called for his UNK , wrinkled sister Rose to care for him and the children , had he guessed that all he would remember of his woman was the memory of her climbing into that streetcar ? ? 
 There seemed to be a contemptuous purpose in the way he sat there with his eyes glued to Drexel Street and his back in opposition to the church behind him . 
 For all he saw or cared to see , this could have been a town in Italy , not the UNK of Philadelphia . 
 It could have been Bari or UNK for the way it smelled . 
 What did it matter to him that the park at the foot of UNK Road stretched beneath elevated trains that roared from the stucco station into the city's center at half-hour intervals ? ? 
 Or that the tiny creek spun its silent course toward the Schuylkill ? ? 
 This place was hatred to him , just as hatred was his only companion in his UNK . 
 To him they were one and the same . 
 UNK for the Old Man was framed in by a wall of UNK trees which divided these quarters from the city . 
 UNK lined the streets with two-story houses the color of ash . 
 It slashed the sloping UNK lawns with concrete steps which climbed upward to white wooden UNK . 
 It swayed with the wicker UNK and screeched with the UNK hinges of screen doors . 
 Even the UNK , which housed nothing now but the scent of rot , had a lawn before it . 
 And the coffee shop on Drexel Street , where the men spent their evenings and Sundays playing cards , had a rose UNK beneath its window . 
 The UNK UNK of coffee dregs thrown against it . 
 Only one house on the street had no lawn before it . 
 It squatted low and square upon the sidewalk with a heavy iron UNK supporting a glass facade . 
 That was UNK shop . 
 Above it , from a UNK UNK , wooden angels surveyed the neighborhood . 
 Did the Old Man remember them there ? ? 
 Yet everywhere else UNK was stucco and wood in square blocks -- like UNK perched against the UNK of the hill , rising with the hill to the top where the church was and beyond that to the cemetery . 
 Only paved UNK UNK through the walls of those UNK into the mysterious core of UNK behind the houses where UNK owned no fences , where one man's property blended with the next to form UNK in which no one knew privacy . 
 Love and hatred and fear were one here , shaded only by UNK trees and UNK vines . 
 And the UNK tongue of gossip licked its sinister way from back porch to back porch . 
 The Old Man silently fed upon these streets . 
 They kept him alive , waiting . 
 Waiting for what and for whom , only he could tell and would not . 
 It was as though he had made a UNK with the devil himself , but it was not yet time to pay the price . 
 He was holding out for something . 
 He was determined to hold out . 
 The Old Man's son threw himself down , belly first , upon a concrete step , taking in the coolness of it , and dreaming of the day he would be rich . 
 At fifteen he didn't care that he had no mother , that he couldn't remember her face or her touch ; ; 
 neither did he care that Aunt Rose provided for him . 
 He was named Pompeii as a tribute to his heritage , and he couldn't have cared less about that either . 
 To him life was a restless boredom that began with the rising sun and ended only with sleep . 
 When he would be a man , he would be a rich man . 
 He would not be like the `` rich Americans '' who lived in UNK houses on the other side of the park . 
 He would not ride the UNK local to the city each morning . 
 He would not carry a brief case . 
 Nor would he work at all . 
 He would square his shoulders and carry a cane before each step . 
 He would sit inside the coffee shop and pound a UNK fist upon the table and a girl would hear him and come running , UNK with her running , calling out in her UNK , `` At your service '' . 
 He would order her to bring coffee , and would take from his vest pocket a thin black pipe which he would stuff -- he would not remove his gloves -- and light and smoke . 
 He could do that when he would be a man . 
 `` Hey , Laura '' ! ! 
 He called to his sister on the porch above the steps . 
 She was only ten months older than he . 
 `` Laura , what would you say if I smoked a pipe '' ? ? 
 Laura did not answer him . 
 She leaned unconcerned against the broken porch fence , brushing and drying her wet , UNK hair in the sun . 
 One UNK leg UNK the UNK and swung loosely before the creaking , torn UNK . 
 Her tanned foot , whose arch swept high and white , pointed UNK toward UNK toes -- toes like fingers , whose tips glowed white . 
 All the while she sat there , her UNK arms swirled before her chest . 
 Her face showed no sign of having heard Pompeii . 
 It was a face that had lost its childlike softness and was beginning to fold within its fragile features a UNK that UNK the lyric lines of its contours . 
 The eyes , blue and always somewhat UNK , possessed a sullen quality . 
 Even though the boy could not see them , he knew they were clouded by distance . 
 He was never sure they fully took him in . 
 Pompeii called again , `` Laura '' ! ! 
 But the only answer that reached him was the screeching of the porch rail from her leg moving against it . 
 `` She's in a mood '' , he thought `` There's not a month she doesn't get herself in a mood '' . 
 Well , what did that matter when the sun was shining and there were dreams to dream about ? ? 
 And as for his pipe , if he wanted to smoke one , nobody would stop him . 
 Not even Laura . 
 Suddenly he was interrupted in his UNK by a warm UNK UNK against his chin , and his eyes opened wide and long at the sight of a UNK claret tongue , UNK against the salt taste of him . 
 Above the tongue , an aged yellow eye , UNK and UNK , UNK within a sphere of UNK pink skin , stared UNK at him . 
 `` Christ sake , goat , UNK '' ! ! 
 But the goat would not . 
 `` You're boiling milk , ain't you '' ? ? 
 UNK it with his hand , knowing the UNK jowls and the swollen smoothness of UNK that wrinkled UNK to his touch . 
 Pompeii rolled over . 
 His head UNK gradually , covering space , to come straining beneath the taut belly within the warmth of those UNK . 
 With his mouth opened wide , he UNK the warm white milk against the roof of his mouth and his tongue UNK the light , earthy taste of it . 
 The boy's fingers and mouth operated with the skilled unity of a UNK player , pressing and pulling , UNK in what he did . 
 Above him slid the evasive shadow of a storm cloud . 
 Its form was a heavy figure in a fluttering UNK . 
 But the boy could see only the UNK belly . 
 The Old Man near the corner let the shadow pass over him , sensing something UNK in it . 
 He knew it was there , knew also what it was about , but he wouldn't raise a finger except to smooth his yellow UNK back . 
 There would be time enough , perhaps the Old Man reassured himself , to pay the devil his due . 
 Time enough to give up his soul . 
 In the meantime , six sandals , stained an UNK , the same color as UNK shaved hair , edged up close to him . 
 The clapping they made on the concrete interrupted him in the ecstatic pleasure he knew , so that he quickly released his hold on the goat and pretended to be examining its haunches for UNK . 
 He knew at a glance that the biggest sandals belonged to UNK , the UNK ones to UNK , and the UNK ones to UNK , UNK UNK brother . 
 Pompeii expected UNK small body to sink closer and closer to the ground . 
 He expected UNK thin hand to reach down to grasp the boy , and her shrill , UNK voice to sound against the UNK of his disfigured flesh that was never sure of hearing anything . 
 People came in and out all evening to see the baby and hold it . 
 The room filled with smoke , and UNK head UNK with excitement and fatigue , but Stuart had such a happy , earnest look of proud possession on his face that Maggie couldn't bear to do anything to UNK it . 
 Little Anne rapidly UNK her mother in recovery . 
 In two months she became a fat highly social baby , with a UNK of UNK hair all over her head . 
 She stopped flying into UNK and started UNK her food ; ; 
 she developed a UNK and cream complexion and a sunny disposition , and she asked for nothing more of life than that she be kept dry and comfortable and fed huge amounts of food at stated intervals and be carried to where she could watch activity going on around her . 
 She was so heavy that UNK arms shook from lifting her and taking care of her . 
 Maggie couldn't seem to get her strength back or catch up with herself with all she had to do : there was the big basket of clothes to be UNK through the UNK old UNK and lugged out and lugged back ; ; 
 there was the daily round of household chores in which Maggie insisted on participating . 
 UNK had a great deal to do with it ; ; 
 Stuart had been laid off at the produce company and had to go back to sitting in his father's office , taking what salary his father could hand out to him . 
 Mr. UNK would have preferred death and bankruptcy to having his son stay with his wife's people without contributing to his and his family's upkeep , and besides that there were the things that had to be bought for the baby , milk and orange juice and vitamins and soap , just plain soap . 
 Maggie and Stuart UNK over figures every night , trying to find how they could squeeze out a few pennies more . 
 In desperation Maggie consulted Eugenia one afternoon : `` Do you think you could find me something I could do here at home to make some money , so I could still watch the baby and do the rest of the things '' ? ? 
 `` It seems to me you have enough to do as it is '' , Eugenia said . 
 She had been watching Maggie go from the washing machine to the baby to the stove and back again . 
 `` I have plenty of odd moments when I could be doing something '' , Maggie said . 
 `` It would make me feel a lot better , but the Woman's Exchange isn't taking baked goods any more and I can't leave the baby with Grandma because she isn't strong enough and the baby's too young to be put in a nursery '' . 
 `` I should think so '' , Eugenia said . 
 `` For one thing you can stop keeping that child in UNK dresses and changed from the skin out nineteen times a day '' . 
 `` She's so beautiful , and I do like to keep her looking nice '' . 
 Maggie said . 
 She picked up the baby and UNK her fat warm little neck . 
 `` She'll be just as beautiful in something that doesn't have to be UNK '' , Eugenia said . 
 `` UNK Mae Evans said she didn't put a thing on her child but a flannel UNK until it was nine months old '' . 
 `` UNK Mae Evans got all her baby clothes from UNK UNK UNK in New York , and I'm sick and tired of hearing about UNK Mae Evans '' . 
 `` Well now , Maggie , you don't have to snap at me '' , Eugenia said . 
 `` I'm just thinking of a way for you to be sensible '' . 
 `` I'm sorry . 
 I do seem to snap at everybody these days , but I would like to think of a way to make a little extra money '' . 
 `` Well , let's see . 
 Let's make a list of your assets '' . 
 Maggie started laughing , and she laughed so hard she couldn't stop , and she kept on laughing while she lugged the clothes out to the yard to hang them up while the sun was still shining . 
 When she came back Eugenia was sitting at the kitchen table with a pencil and envelope UNK down words and figures . 
 `` I have here that you could run a nursery of your own for working mothers '' , Eugenia said . 
 `` We could put up UNK on the second floor sleeping porch and turn the front bedroom into a UNK where it's nice and sunny , but of course it would entail quite a bit of running up and down stairs and Chris said you were to be careful about that '' . 
 `` What else '' ? ? 
 `` You might set up a dress shop in the living room '' . 
 `` Every woman in the block has tried that '' . 
 `` What about a tea room , then ? ? 
 You could set up tables in the front room and serve UNK and your baked beans and brown bread and Grandma could dress like a gypsy and tell fortunes '' . 
 `` It's too elaborate . 
 And Grandma isn't strong enough to take on something like that , and to tell you the truth neither am I '' . 
 Eugenia sighed . 
 She said , `` Well , those are the really interesting things , but if you don't like any of those I can turn over some of my extra typing jobs to you , if you think you can type well enough '' . 
 `` Oh , I'm sure I could do that '' , Maggie said . 
 `` But it really wouldn't be fair , taking your jobs away from you '' . 
 `` Don't worry , I can get plenty more '' , Eugenia said , wondering where in the world she could . 
 Maggie was looking much happier already , clearing a space on the table and chattering about how she could put up a typewriter right there , and be brushing up on her typing so Eugenia wouldn't be ashamed of it . 
 `` And then whenever I have a minute I can be working at it , and keep an eye on the baby and the stove at the same time . 
 And I can go back to my contests and be thinking while I'm doing the washing '' . 
 `` What are you going to do with your feet so you don't waste anything '' ? ? 
 Maggie laughed . 
 She said , `` Oh Eugenia , I wish '' 
 `` What '' ? ? 
 `` I wish I had three wishes '' , Maggie said . 
 `` All of them for you '' . 
 It grew bitterly cold toward the end of November , contributing to the UNK of countless numbers of people . 
 The temperature dropped to twenty below at night and stood at zero during the days . 
 The cold settled like a tangible UNK over the Mile High City , locking it in an icy grip that UNK its outlines and altered its physical appearance ; ; 
 it had a look of grim stark realism , UNK other cities whose habitual climate was cold , instead of the sprawling UNK UNK greedy Western city UNK in eternal sunshine at the foot of mountains stored with endless UNK and resources . 
 The UNK huddled in the streets outside of employment offices , outside newspaper buildings , in parks , in relief lines , outside government agencies . 
 There weren't facilities to take care of them ; ; 
 there never had been a need felt for such facilities . 
 That kind of poverty was regarded as the exclusive property of the East , which created UNK with their stock markets and their UNK populations and their greedy centralization of industries , protected by UNK freight rates . 
 The East was popularly supposed to have got the country into war and into depression , dragging the west along ; ; 
 and now the East was creating government agencies for which the West doubtless would have to pay . 
 The government offices were being opened but they weren't being opened fast enough and meanwhile the cold penetrated everything . 
 UNK , people talked and argued ; ; 
 all this government spending would have to be paid for somehow , but on the other hand desperate circumstances called for desperate remedies and something had to be done . 
 Something had to be done ; ; 
 it was the theme song of millions of American people , their personal problems no less urgent than those of the government . 
 Something had to be done . 
 The UNK said it to each other a dozen times a day . 
 Something had to be done about the furnace , the fuel bills , the washing machine , the doctor and dentist bills , about making money stretch for food , for the mortgage , for taxes , for shoes , for half soles , for UNK , for clothes , for the new UNK in the roof , for gas and light bills ; ; 
 about keeping warm , about keeping well , about meeting the minor emergencies that came up once , twice , fifty times a day . 
 Just dropping the baby's bottle and breaking it became a catastrophe , and Stuart wore out his shoes so fast that he was termed a major disaster . 
 The UNK furnace consumed fuel like a giant UNK UNK that had to be UNK by hurling tons of coal into its evil red depths , and no matter how much coal they put in the house remained cold . 
 Cold came in the innumerable cracks that seemed to have sprung up , under doors , around loosened window frames , from the sleeping UNK , the attic , from the widened cracks between shingles on the roof . 
 Presently they had to give up running the furnace at full capacity and depend on the old coal range in the kitchen , which had never been removed when the new gas range was installed , and the UNK and an electric heater in UNK room . 
 It was so cold and so wretched that a sort of desperate gaiety infected all of them , like people UNK or UNK or caught in some other freak of circumstance so that time stood still and minor UNK fell away and the only important thing was to cling together and survive . 
 The pipes burst and they all laughed and stood in ice water to their ankles while they UNK the UNK . 
 They lived mainly in the kitchen ; ; 
 they moved UNK bed and the baby's basket there , and the rest of them UNK by the stove and ran UNK and shivering to the upper polar regions and plunged into icy beds . 
 Grandma said it was just like the early mining camp days , and it was the way people ought to live , only she was getting too old to take the pleasure from it that she used to . 
 `` You said a UNK '' , Eugenia said grimly . 
 Eugenia hated being cold worse than anything , and she was beginning to find the joys of poverty wearing thin . 
 She said to Maggie that it was one thing to meet an emergency and another to UNK in it , and it was beginning to look at if this one was going to last forever . 
 `` Plenty of people are poor all their lives '' . 
 `` Plenty of people haven't our brains and talent '' . 
 `` I know you when you start talking about brains and talent '' , Maggie said . 
 `` You're working up to something , and if you don't watch out you'll ruin your whole life one of these days just to prove that the UNK family is superior to everything , even a depression '' . 
 `` The only thing that worries me is how I'm going to prove it '' , Eugenia said . 
 They begged Grandma to let them put a bed in the kitchen for her , but Grandma said she was getting too old to sleep in strange beds and be seen with her teeth out , and that she hoped to die in privacy like a Christian and if the Lord willed it to be of UNK than it would have to be that way . 
 She didn't want to be the only one with a stove in her room , especially as her life span was nearly run out anyway , and she insisted that Hope have the heater . 
 Hope wouldn't hear of it , and she took the heater back to UNK room , and Grandma took it back to UNK room , and the two of them dragged it back and forth until Grandma tipped it over and almost set her UNK on fire . 
 She said that proved she wasn't to be trusted with a fire in her room , and she could be burned to a crisp without anybody knowing it . 
 Eugenia suspected her of deliberately UNK the heater because she was getting tired of dragging it back and forth and still wanted her own way , but Hope said if Grandma wouldn't have the heater nobody would have it , so Grandma had to give in . 
 `` UNK of her to use it up . 
 UNK in a case like this , but '' -- 
 `` You can joke ! ! 
 Didn't you read it ? ? 
 She's married that tenant ! ! 
 '' 
 `` I read it , yes . 
 This ought to simplify UNK life '' . 
 Laban had more to say . 
 Tolley had gone to live in California . 
 He'd mentioned it , himself , at church and everybody seemed to have the idea that Tolley had left because Jenny had UNK him for Roy Robards . 
 `` It was plain as the nose on your face that they're laughing about it , Mamma . 
 Zion stayed to get my pin , but it'll be a cold day in June when I go back '' . 
 `` We will both go back , Laban '' ! ! 
 Kizzie turned to go inside . 
 `` Let me stay and take the pictures you wanted , Mamma . 
 The sun's right '' -- 
 `` Pictures '' ? ? 
 She swung around . 
 `` What pictures '' ? ? 
 `` In UNK room ! ! 
 You told me to bring my camera . 
 I'm not going back '' -- 
 `` Indeed you are ! ! 
 Why should I want pictures of an empty room now ? ? 
 Tolley had no idea of UNK that UNK little Jenny ! ! 
 This -- trip of his had nothing to do with her UNK with tenants , and I am going to see that everybody at Mt. UNK understands that simple fact . 
 Wait for me , Laban , I'll be dressed in half a second '' ! ! 
 Frank followed her into the bedroom , hooked her dress up the back . 
 `` Hurry , Frank ! ! 
 They're not going to laugh at the UNK and UNK very long ! ! 
 UNK going is my fault . 
 I drove him away . 
 You know it and I'll tell everybody exactly how it happened '' . 
 She was so beautiful , so UNK , so UNK . 
 He kissed her . 
 `` Make your confession to God , Kizzie dear , not to the congregation '' . 
 `` I'll decide that when I get there . 
 I was so cruel to Tolley , so unfair . 
 But I'll be fair now ! ! 
 He is coming back , isn't he , Frank '' ? ? 
 Yes , oh yes . 
 What else was there to say ? ? 
 UNK to the UNK he found some favorite lines from Jonathan Swift on his lips : 
 `` Under the window in stormy weather 
 I marry this man and woman together . 
 Let none but Him who rules the thunder 
 Put this man and woman UNK '' . 
 UNK for his lie ? ? 
 He questioned God's taking time to telegraph the message , but he felt better about Kizzie , and he took the sealed envelope from its UNK , wondering why he had preserved it . 
 If he died before she did , she would never be unable to resist opening it . 
 In any case he would be thrusting a burden on his remaining sons , making them parties to a UNK peculiarly his own . 
 It was simply his necessity to confess which had made him write and keep this thing . 
 `` You've told God , Frank '' , he said . 
 `` Why UNK the -- congregation '' ? ? 
 Reaching for an old clay pot , relic of pioneer days , he tore the envelope in pieces , dropping them into it , touching the little UNK to flame , watching it UNK , the red sealing wax melting and UNK in the UNK ash . 
 Surely now his beloved son could rest in peace . 
 `` ' And let me go , for the night UNK me , and in the night shall no man gather fruit ' '' . 
 A beautiful and haunting line , a subtle genius , UNK , difficult not to envy a gifted man , and perhaps he did . 
 But there were great satisfactions , even for a small man . 
 Beyond his window were the UNK trees , new spring , eternal hope , eternal life . 
 There lay Grand UNK Quinzaine , his own young parents' graves , but new life and promise for his sons , UNK . 
 He poured his UNK of wine for the toast he'd made so often . 
 `` To absent loved ones '' . 
 But this last time he drank not to Brace but `` To Tolley '' ! ! 
 Mr. Robards -- Jenny was the only person she knew of in the Mt. UNK neighborhood who called him that -- was kind but too UNK . 
 It didn't bother him for everybody from the UNK to the preacher to say , `` UNK , Miss Jenny '' , adding a careless `` Roy '' , but it did her . 
 He could put a stop to it , she told him again and again . 
 Simply call Mr. UNK Oscar , and Dr. Dunne UNK , and UNK Major Frank . 
 Mr. Robards laughed , said he'd feel a damn fool , UNK couldn't do that even to please her . 
 `` You could try . 
 And if I ever hear you say ' UNK Laban ' again I'll scream . 
 And don't tell me you didn't at church Sunday . 
 I heard you '' ! ! 
 He really hadn't meant to , he assured her , but it was plain to her that the importance of these small things was lost on Mr. Robards . 
 How strange it was that he could give her this handsome house and UNK UNK as to its beautiful furnishings , and fail her in -- spiritual ways . 
 Another weakness -- far more irritating than his manner of speaking , which he made only token effort to change -- was his devotion to that old horse of UNK . 
 Her horse , rather . 
 But Mr. UNK now , oh my yes , indeed , yes ! ! 
 He called her `` the Mare '' much as Mrs. UNK spoke of `` the Queen , God bless her '' . 
 He , with fifteen or twenty horses or UNK or UNK or UNK out there in the barn , was UNK only of `` the Mare '' , `` the UNK Mare '' , the UNK Gunny . 
 For the first few months of their marriage she had tried to be nice about Gunny , going out with him to watch this UNK without price stamp UNK around in her stall . 
 And what had happened ? ? 
 Gunny invariably tried to bite her . 
 UNK , Mr. Robards said , just a UNK anyway . 
 `` UNK back , Miss Jen , she's UNK of your scarf '' . 
 Never , `` UNK that , you UNK devil '' ! ! 
 Never concern for his wife's nerves , or the danger that the curled lip and big teeth might mark their own dear baby due in January . 
 She UNK UNK Gunny whose UNK was due then too ! ! 
 UNK for hours to his UNK that the war and `` UNK UNK '' poverty afterwards had robbed the mare of many a racing triumph , and to his UNK of greatness for the procession of UNK to come , Jenny could look forward to years of conflict with an animal who disliked her intensely and showed it . 
 Gunny symbolized so much that was unpleasant -- Tolley , the indifference with which the UNK and indeed the whole neighborhood now treated her and which she would die rather than acknowledge to her husband , his lack of understanding and sympathy in her present condition , her disgusting swollen stomach . 
 Human birth was no novelty to Mr. Robards . 
 UNK was a fine UNK and could get here quick , he suggested . 
 UNK UNK to having Dr. Dunne , a former UNK , seemed silly to him , but he would humor her , get anybody she wanted , the best never being too good for her . 
 The chances were against his being here to humor her when her time came , she was sure . 
 He would be in the barn , or riding for the UNK ! ! 
 Night after night he stayed with Gunny in the dead of winter , rubbing her with UNK of expensive UNK , UNK over her UNK UNK as the cook did over UNK UNK , UNK manure on the pretty new carpet when he did come to the house . 
 Yet when the dear baby came , he had UNK over here in a UNK , and was as attentive and sweet and worried and happy when it was all over as any husband could have been . 
 Jenny wished now that she had had Dr. Dunne , feeling that somehow he wouldn't have allowed the dear baby to turn into UNK . 
 There was something not nice about UNK , though their father seemed pleased , showing no disappointment that they hadn't been the son he wanted , saying , `` You don't see UNK UNK down the UNK UNK day , Miss Jen , UNK . 
 UNK 'em up cute -- UNK , UNK '' 
 UNK for her mother , she said firmly , UNK , for herself , and -- 
 `` UNK , for Miss Kizzie '' , he suggested . 
 `` She was mighty good to you past times , an' UNK fetch her '' . 
 Now she must be thinking of a UNK , something special . 
 Just wait till she saw the UNK UNK . 
 UNK colt in all Kentucky . 
 Strong too , up on his legs when he was an hour old . 
 What about Royal Robards ? ? 
 `` Why don't you name him Jesus Christ ! ! 
 '' She burst into tears . 
 Roy was deeply distressed . 
 He'd had no idea how unhappy his sweet UNK had been . 
 Of course she wasn't herself right now , but as her strength came back her spirits didn't seem to rise with it . 
 He had a good idea why not . 
 Those elegant `` At Home '' cards she sent out , now she could wear her pretty clothes again , and had the house all trimmed up , hadn't brought many UNK in two whole months . 
 Doc Dunne and Miss UNK had come . 
 So had Miss UNK UNK , full of criticisms about the changes here , giving thanks that her dear old father had gone to his UNK UNK last year , saying how much she enjoyed her boarding house in town in UNK weather , was looking forward to Quinzaine UNK this summer . 
 There was an idea . 
 Miss Kizzie had been right UNK ever since they were married , though you'd have thought a UNK would have brought her round . 
 Oh , she'd come to see them once , left silver UNK rings for all of the trips . 
 But when Miss Jen went over right away to return the call , Miss UNK couldn't have been very cordial , for she'd come back before she hardly had time to get there . 
 More and more , these days , she'd been driving that pretty little mare that looked like her , over to UNK and Nick's -- his own old square frame box on posts , chickens and cats and UNK under the house , everybody friendly inside , making a UNK over the babies dressed like UNK . 
 Though he was glad she got on well with his young folks , she ought to be welcome at the finest house in the land , too . 
 It made him pretty hot under the collar , after the idea Miss UNK had given him , to be told by Miss UNK that her holy UNK was all reserved for this summer and next , if you please , and that much as she regretted it , they would be unable to entertain Mrs. Robards and the children . 
 She hoped they were well . 
 He didn't tell Miss Jen , but she must have got word from the cook or nurse , who of course knew those Quinzaine UNK , and she really took a fit . 
 If he ever did such a thing again she'd die of shame . 
 `` Have a party an' leave 'em out , UNK '' , he suggested . 
 `` A swell party , send an invite to UNK but them -- those folks you met at the UNK House , the ones I've got to know in this new UNK Club affair , the whole UNK neighborhood . 
 We'll have UNK -- couple UNK UNK fetch in a crowd any time . 
 I'll see word gets round '' . 
 `` Don't you dare ! ! 
 '' 
 Miss Jen was funny that way , funny that she didn't seem to take to his ideas and UNK up . 
 He was downright worried about her , but there was one more thing he could try . 
 Zion was surprised when UNK buggy stopped beside her on the UNK one early summer day as she was walking home from the country school where she was teaching now that UNK UNK had had a call to preach in some mountain town . 
 Roy smiled -- he did have a nice smile -- took off his hat most politely , told her to UNK in , and he'd give her a lift to Quinzaine . 
 Her hesitation was only momentary and she hoped he didn't notice it , as she settled herself , asked quickly how Miss Jenny and the babies were getting on . 
 `` See for yourself , Miss Zion . 
 It won't take a minute '' . 
 He swung in through his own wide UNK . 
 `` UNK the UNK UNK you ever did see , but Miss Jen gets mighty UNK . 
 She'll relish the sight of a friendly face . 
 Miss UNK won't care your UNK , will she '' ? ? 
 `` Why of course not '' , Zion said UNK . 
 `` He must have forgiven me '' , Henrietta murmured to the room . 
 The UNK of Doaty's last will and testament was proof enough of that ; ; 
 Doaty would never have left her house to a UNK woman . 
 She found herself wishing an old wish , that she had told Doaty she was running away , that she had left something more behind her than the loving , sorry note and her best UNK pin . 
 Perhaps Doaty had guessed already and kept her counsel . 
 Henrietta thought , It's extraordinary how much she always knew about both of us . 
 There had been more to know about UNK , inevitably , and most of it unfavorable . 
 Adelia was the good one , or , if not always good , less frequently tempted . 
 Their childhood would have been quite UNK without UNK flair for drama , especially through the long summers . 
 In winter , in the city , there had been the UNK School , which taught excellently with a kind of austere passion for knowledge ; ; 
 there had been lessons in French from a small Polish UNK with a really profound distaste for his pupils ; ; 
 there had been the dancing class -- Miss UNK , thin and tireless , with her UNK UNK and her everlasting UNK , UNK . 
 There had been supper parties and UNK , UNK and little balls , Mama small and pretty and gay and Papa enormously jocular , enormously possessive , the sun around which the UNK planets revolved . 
 Mama had died before the corruption of the family circle , the interruption of Charles . 
 It was safe to assume that Papa , UNK heavily , had said many times to his remaining daughter , `` Thank God your poor mother was spared this '' , and indeed it might be true that it had been easier for Henrietta to leave , with her hand in Charles' hand , just because her `` poor mother '' was gone already and would never know . 
 Mama was vulnerable ; ; 
 one had always felt the need to make a safe world around her . 
 But I would have gone anyway , thought Henrietta . 
 She had always been able to ignore the moral question because there had been no choice . 
 Only at this moment -- perhaps because it was before dawn and she was lying in Doaty's bed -- she found herself examining how others might regard her . 
 Perhaps they would argue that morality consisted just of that ability to see a choice . 
 She turned on her side , finding the idea oppressive . 
 If Adelia had felt about someone as Henrietta felt about Charles , would she have run away with him ? ? 
 UNK to imagine Adelia feeling so about anyone . 
 No temptation , no sin . 
 No temptation , no virtue ? ? 
 A curious thought to end a curious night . 
 The birds were really awake now in a UNK of music , and light was beginning to creep across the room , touching sill and door , table and chair and all of Doaty's flowers in their artificial blossom and leaf . 
 Before anything else , she would go to Doaty's grave with flowers from Doaty's forgotten garden . 
 Everything must wait upon this mission , this sentimental duty of a UNK whose nature avoided UNK . 
 She closed her eyes , remembering the small French cemetery , enclosed by stone walls . 
 It had always seemed to rain there , and even the grass was gray . 
 After the sad impatient moment , waiting for comfort which could not come , she slipped out of bed and went to the open window . 
 The garden below was UNK with UNK and enchanting in its small UNK . 
 UNK out , she could see a tangle of UNK and UNK , one not quite come to bloom , one just beyond it . 
 On a thrusting spray thick with UNK and UNK and swelling pink buds , like a summer UNK , a bird balanced and sang , UNK brown and alive with its own music , a little engine of song . 
 It was so pretty and UNK that she felt like a child again and would have enjoyed running out barefoot to play on the wet grass with all the growing things , but Doaty never permitted bare feet and she was decidedly not a child but UNK UNK UNK certain age . 
 Feeling suddenly neat and subdued , she dressed quite soberly and went downstairs . 
 Rosa , UNK , was not yet up and about , reassurance that Rosa was human . 
 Feeling protective toward this sleeping being , Henrietta found a yesterday UNK and milk in a white jug , a breakfast which was somewhat the equivalent of going barefoot . 
 Outside , the garden , the tame wilderness , yielded a UNK bouquet of UNK , sweet UNK , scented stock and lady's UNK , which she tied with long UNK and took back to show Rosa , who was now stirring about the kitchen and UNK Folly . 
 The UNK came UNK to Henrietta and begged for the flowers , UNK the air with UNK UNK . 
 Henrietta held her bouquet out of reach and said it was for Doaty . 
 `` UNK in the UNK '' , said Rosa coldly . 
 `` Go change your shoes before you turn around '' . 
 She sounded so exactly like Doaty that Henrietta obeyed her under the clear impression that she could either comply or stay home . 
 Folly danced , eager for whatever lay beyond the door . 
 To a UNK , there was only one church . 
 The cemetery UNK just behind it , and the way lay through the village and close to the sea . 
 For the first time in thirty years , Henrietta walked down the narrow street with its UNK shops just stirring and its inhabitants UNK her with the UNK curiosity . 
 She smiled and bowed , recalling the UNK feeling she had enjoyed when she was a child . 
 Now , some of the UNK were cautious , but all were interested . 
 An old man , sitting against the wall of a cottage and waiting for the sun to find him , gave her a more than reflective look as she passed , the UNK still plainly rising in his branches . 
 On an impulse , she turned back and said good morning . 
 He cupped his ear and shook his head at her repetition , announcing in a UNK way that he had heard her the first time . 
 He then offered his own estimate of the weather , which was UNK . 
 `` UNK been slow to come '' , he said . 
 `` It's my UNK out time '' . 
 He scowled at her flowers . 
 `` I'm taking them to the cemetery '' , said Henrietta , out of a vague feeling of hospitality . 
 `` They'll be UNK me next '' , he said pleasantly , `` but not so UNK they plan . 
 See half of 'em in their graves before I choose my own coffin . 
 It's UNK myself out that does it '' . 
 He regarded her with rising hope . 
 `` You'd like to hear how I go about it '' . 
 `` It's nice of you '' , Henrietta said UNK . 
 `` UNK welcome '' . 
 He straightened himself , UNK against the wall , and pulled his sprawled feet together so they stood side by side in their old boots . 
 His stick ceased to be a thing to rest his chin on and became a UNK for emphasizing the UNK aspects of his text . 
 `` Every month , UNK three days '' , he said happily , `` I take no water into my system , no water whatsoever . 
 It rests the tissues '' . 
 Henrietta murmured that she could quite see how it would , and he nodded approval of her UNK good sense . 
 `` UNK the tissues '' , he said , `` and UNK the system . 
 My UNK did it , and he lived to a great age '' . 
 He looked up at her sharply . 
 `` Don't remember , do you '' ? ? 
 She did suddenly , through the link of memory with his father , old UNK , who must have been in his UNK when Henrietta ran away . 
 Next to the UNK , UNK had owned the island most , and she and Adelia had often stood in front of him , silenced by his terrible years -- a scanty man with a thin beard and very UNK blue eyes like a UNK , more aged than possible . 
 He had never spoken once to the awed sisters , but his son had been friendly , a big fellow of fifty or more , a UNK captain and powerful like the sea . 
 It must be that son who sat before her now , UNK to half his size and half his senses . 
 She said gently , `` Of course I remember you '' . 
 `` Not so UNK I remember you '' , he said . 
 `` UNK the young UNK woman . 
 UNK away on a black night with a UNK wedded man . 
 I know all about you '' . 
 `` You do seem to '' , said Henrietta , impressed . 
 `` Can't blame a man for UNK his wife '' , he said quite cheerfully . 
 `` Left mine many a time , only she never knew it . 
 Man in a boat , there's a lot of places he can put in at and a lot of reasons he can be away for a bit . 
 Any harm in that '' ? ? 
 `` Probably '' , said Henrietta dryly . 
 He gave a short hard laugh and looked at her knowingly . 
 `` You'd be the one to say '' , he observed , and she found herself liking his approval none too well , but she could not defend herself and say that her actions were `` different '' , since all actions had their own laws . 
 Only , this old man's UNK was even less to her taste than UNK UNK open UNK . 
 Well , she had not come back to Great Island to be understood , praised or condemned . 
 She had come to make her peace with the past , and of that past this ancient of the earth was only a kind of shadow . 
 She started to move away , just as a woman came out of the cottage , a UNK , UNK figure with a clean apron tied over her limp print dress . 
 She smiled vaguely at Henrietta and spoke to the old man . 
 `` You've not had your breakfast yet , UNK '' . 
 `` UNK UNK UNK is no breakfast '' , he said . 
 `` Milk and UNK '' ! ! 
 He beat the air with his stick , and it fell from his UNK and clattered on the stones . 
 `` He's UNK today '' , his UNK said wearily , and bent to pick it up . 
 `` He's got this idea about drying out '' 
 `` It ain't an idea '' ! ! 
 `` If it ain't an idea '' , she said , `` how comes it you can drink beer but not water '' ? ? 
 He looked UNK to heaven and said , `` UNK don't affect the tissues none '' , and the ingenious hypocrisy of this defense pleased Henrietta so that she UNK him his stint of UNK . 
 His UNK sighed . 
 `` Come on , do . 
 The children are eating , and Miss UNK on her way UNK '' . 
 `` To the graveyard . 
 Who ain't '' ? ? 
 `` Not me . 
 I've got a day's work to do . 
 -- You'll be visiting Miss Doaty , UNK '' ? ? 
 Henrietta nodded . 
 How much they knew about her ! ! 
 The woman ( she must have been a tiny baby when UNK and UNK had stood arm in arm , watching great age grow small ) answered the nod with her own . 
 `` God rest her soul , she was a sweet one . 
 Come on now '' . 
 She put a strong hand under the old man's arm and lifted him up , patiently , with the gentle cruelty and necessary tyranny that the young show toward the very old . 
 He mumbled at her but let himself be led off inside the house , UNK UNK to make it clear how weak and aged he was and how he was UNK about by those who still had their wicked strength . 
 There was a UNK of voices from indoors , young hungry sounds like cats after fish , and a burst of UNK from the old man . 
 Henrietta looked down at her bouquet , still lively with its color and scent , and set her feet on their UNK way again , leaving the village street and crossing the first field , Folly dancing ahead of her . 
 At the edge of the field , the wild rolling land took over , UNK with fat round bushes like sheep . 
 They were covered with tiny white blossoms , their scant roots UNK at the stony ground , and wild birds darted in and about and through them so they were nearly alive with the rustle and cry . 
 The air was full of sounds too but placid ones , a terrestrial humming as much out of the earth as out of the blue sky . 
 She felt UNK , walking , and almost easy until the church spire told her she was near the cemetery , and she caught herself wondering what she would say to Doaty . 
 Both church and graveyard were smaller than she remembered them ( how many things had lessened while she was gone away ) but the UNK had grown so thick in thirty years that to find one named `` UNK UNK '' seemed suddenly impossible . 
 She sat down on the nearest , fallen with age and gray with UNK , her fingers tracing the UNK carved letters padded with green UNK . 
 The day's sun was gathering its strength in gold , and she wished she had brought her UNK , if only to shade Doaty's flowers . 
 A small , UNK angel watched her from a nearby tomb , the only angel in the cemetery . 
 She remembered , suddenly , a night of savage moonlight and UNK clouds when she and Adelia , having dared each other , had stolen out of their great safe house and come here , hand in hand , hoping and fearing ghosts . 
 The UNK family had come from UNK UNK , in the northeast of the main Japanese island of UNK , where there are still traces of the mysterious UNK strain . 
 The UNK were a primitive people , already living on the island before the principal ancestors of the Japanese came from Southern Asia . 
 Apparently they were of UNK blood . 
 They had white skins and blue eyes ; ; 
 all their men were bearded , and many of their women were beautiful . 
 A pitiful few of them are left now , to UNK mainly on the tourist trade and to sing their ancient tribal UNK , which have the same haunting sadness as the UNK of the American Indians . 
 Most of them have been assimilated , but sometimes a man in UNK or UNK UNK is much more hairy than the average Japanese , and occasionally a girl will be strikingly lovely , her coloring warmed and improved by a little of the tawny UNK UNK of the invaders from the South . 
 Tommy UNK was one of these fortunate occasions . 
 She was taller than most Japanese girls , and had the UNK UNK form of the Japanese girl who is lucky enough to be tall . 
 Her nose was higher of bridge , her complexion so pale as to be quite susceptible to sunburn , and the fish and vegetable diet of her UNK had given her teeth that were white and regular and strong . 
 Her mouth , soft and full , was something for any man to dream about . 
 She had black eyes , long and UNK tilted , and the way she walked was melody . 
 She had been in Japan just one week . 
 It was an alien land , and she hated it intensely ; ; 
 she was already considering putting in UNK requests for duty at San Diego , UNK , the Great UNK , Pensacola -- any place the Navy had a hospital -- with a threat to UNK her commission if the request were not granted . 
 UNK would be better than the land of her ancestors . 
 There was nothing wrong with her job . 
 Tommy had been assigned to the UNK ward . 
 There were no UNK serious cases : the ward doctor sometimes UNK up with the UNK to serve as a marriage counselor -- sometimes the Navy sent people back to the States to preserve a marriage -- but mental health as a rule was very high . 
 At present the doctor's main concern was in seeing to it that Japanese salvage firms were not permitted to operate on the UNK of UNK sunk too close UNK , because the work involved setting off UNK blasts at all hours . 
 Tommy was interested in UNK , because there was much an understanding nurse could do to help the patients . 
 But she suffered in her UNK hours . 
 Such as now , when she sat at a table in the coffee shop at the UNK Club , having coffee and a hamburger to sustain her until UNK . 
 She had changed into a cocktail dress , and the whole evening should have been before her , but already she was beginning to get a tight feeling at the back of her neck . 
 This was one of the Navy's crossroads -- you find them all around the world . 
 UNK from the West Coast rotated on UNK tours of duty with the Seventh Fleet , and UNK was the Seventh UNK principal port for maintenance , upkeep and shore liberty . 
 UNK or later , all the gray Navy ships came in here ; ; 
 if Tommy sat long enough , she would be sure to see all the young officers she had met in San Diego and Long Beach . 
 And she wanted desperately to see someone she had known back there . 
 She felt , rather than saw , the approach of the good-looking young man . 
 He came through from the Fleet Bar , which was stag , with the ice cubes UNK in a glass he carried . 
 When he saw Tommy sitting alone , the UNK sound stopped . 
 He was perhaps a trifle UNK , having been long at sea where drinking is not permitted , and consequently out of practice ; ; 
 he wore a brown tweed sports jacket obviously tailored in Hong Kong , and he was of an age that marked him as a lieutenant . 
 Probably off one of the carriers -- an UNK . 
 There was a UNK chance , perhaps , that he would be unmarried , and an even more slender chance that his approach would be different . 
 Japan did something to a man -- and it wasn't just Japan , either , because the same thing applied anywhere overseas . 
 It was as if foreign duty implied and UNK license ; ; 
 it intimated that the folks at home would never know about it , and , therefore , why not ? ? 
 Then the young man in the brown sports jacket spoke , and it was no different . 
 `` UNK , UNK '' ! ! 
 He said , turning on what was meant to be charm . 
 `` You UNK UNK ? ? 
 Maybe you UNK date with me '' ? ? 
 `` I beg your pardon '' ! ! 
 Tommy said out of her cold rage . 
 `` I don't believe I know you , and I can't understand your quaint brand of English -- it was meant to be English , wasn't it '' ? ? 
 The UNK young officer fell back on his heels , UNK and blushing . 
 At least , he had the decency to UNK , she thought . 
 `` Oh -- I'm sorry ! ! 
 You see , I thought -- I mean I really had no idea '' -- 
 `` Oh , yes -- you had ideas '' ! ! 
 Tommy interrupted furiously . 
 `` All wrong ones '' ! ! 
 Then she jerked her thumb toward the door in a very American gesture , and dropped into Navy UNK . 
 `` Take off , UNK '' ! ! 
 `` Uh -- sorry '' ! ! 
 He muttered , and took off , obviously feeling like a fool . 
 The trouble was that there was no lasting satisfaction in this for Tommy . 
 She felt like a fool , too . 
 It hadn't been this way in college , or in UNK training ; ; 
 it wasn't this way in the hospital at San Diego . 
 Everybody had accepted her for what she was -- a very charming girl . 
 Nobody had addressed her in broken English at any of those places , nobody had suggested that she wasn't American . 
 There are Spanish girls who look like Tommy UNK , UNK with a UNK hint of the Orient in their faces ; ; 
 there are beauties from the UNK states who are similarly endowed , and -- back in the blessed United States -- they were regarded simply as pretty women . 
 Now , having been sent halfway around the world on a job she had not asked for , Tommy was being UNK at every turn . 
 She looked around , UNK . 
 Four little Japanese UNK were UNK the English language at the counter -- UNK UNK happened to be one of them . 
 Everybody but Tommy seemed to think it was charming when they called , `` UNK '' ! ! 
 For a steak sandwich , or `` UNK UNK '' ! ! 
 For one cup of coffee . 
 Two other Japanese girls were sitting at the tables , both quite pretty and well groomed . 
 One was with a UNK and UNK lieutenant commander ; ; 
 the other was with her American husband and their exceptionally appealing children . 
 Seeing these did nothing for UNK mood . 
 She told herself UNK , and with pride , I am an American ! ! 
 And so she was , and would remain . 
 But she was learning that so long as she was in this country , and wore civilian dress in the Club , there would always be UNK young men who would approach her with broken English . 
 There had been occasions when some of the more experienced had even addressed her in what might have been perfectly good Japanese . 
 Tommy wouldn't know ; ; 
 after coming to America , her parents had spoken only English . 
 One thing was becoming increasingly sure . 
 She had been sent to the wrong place for duty . 
 There was more to service in the Navy UNK Corps than the hours in the ward . 
 One had to have friends , and a congenial life in UNK hours . 
 Now there was raucous male singing from the Fleet Bar . 
 It was terribly off key , and poorly done , and Tommy could never admit to herself that male companionship was a very natural and important thing , but all at once she felt UNK and UNK . 
 She finished her hamburger and drank her coffee and paid her check ; ; 
 she got out of the coffee shop before the incident could be repeated . 
 UNK while angry had given her a slight UNK . 
 Back in her living quarters at the hospital she took UNK of UNK , and UNK . 
 Then , after a while , she went to her mirror . 
 It was all true . 
 She certainly looked Japanese , and perhaps she could not really blame the young men . 
 And , still , they did not have to be so crude in their approach . 
 There was a letter to write to her mother , and she tried to make its tone cheerful . 
 She promised that she would soon take a few day's leave and visit the uncle she had never seen , on the island of UNK -- which was not very far from UNK . 
 And tomorrow she would take time to shop for the UNK her mother wanted to present to the young wife of a faculty member as a hostess gown . 
 Tommy , of course , had never heard of a UNK , or Japanese proverb , which says , `` UNK UNK UNK '' , and is literally translated as `` UNK are better than strangers '' . 
 Actually , this is only another way of saying that blood is thicker than water . 
 Doc UNK scheduled appearance at captain's mast was a very unusual thing , because the discipline UNK there is ordinarily for the young and immature , and a chief is naturally expected to stay off the report . 
 But the beer hall riot in UNK had been unusual , too , and Walt Perry was convinced that Doc had started it through some expert tactics in UNK rousing . 
 Just why anybody should wish to start a riot the executive officer didn't know . 
 In his opinion , Doc had not grown up . 
 The lieutenant was not entirely wrong in the belief . 
 There had never been a good reason for Doc UNK to grow up . 
 He had come into the Navy too young , with the image of the UNK UNK UNK before him . 
 The war found him much too early , and its UNK -- and especially its awful boredom -- were best forgotten in UNK and elaborate practical jokes , and even now Doc had never found any stabilizing , UNK influence . 
 He remained young at heart , with an UNK sense of humor . 
 He UNK about the captain's UNK of new men , took great delight in UNK UNK with ethyl chloride , and gave no thought for tomorrow . 
 He was doing thirty years , and the Navy would take care of him . 
 The job security enjoyed by Doc UNK , and nearly all members of the Armed Forces , is a wonderful thing . 
 Actually , all a man in uniform has to do is to get by . 
 He may not rise to the heights , but he can get by , and eventually be retired . 
 Doc had been under restriction to the ship since the UNK left UNK . 
 This deprived him of liberty in Hong Kong , but he told Boats UNK that Hong Kong was a book he had read before , and the Navy would always bring him there again , some day . 
 At UNK he was restricted to the confines of the Base because Walt Perry , being thoughtful , knew that Doc might have to draw some medical supplies from the hospital or the Supply Base . 
 This gave Doc the whole range of the naval establishment , and suited him quite well . 
 There were two things he wanted to do : inspect one of the many caves that had been dug into the hills on the Naval Base , and visit an old UNK . 
 A telephone line had been hooked up to UNK the ship with the Base exchange . 
 After supper , Doc called Whitey UNK , who was now a lieutenant and had a family . 
 `` Well , Doc , you old sonofabitch '' ! ! 
 Whitey exclaimed , with true affection . 
 `` Come over and have a drink . 
 We live down by the Base UNK . 
 Grab a taxi '' . 
 `` I'll be there , but I'll walk '' , Doc said . 
 `` I've got to run an errand on the way . 
 See you in about an hour '' . 
 He threw a smart UNK at the UNK , went up the dock , and turned down the wide street in front of the UNK UNK Club . 
 How , he wondered , does one enjoy one's spare time ? ? 
 He considered some interesting UNK but he was on the road every day from dawn to dusk . 
 Then there was exercise , boating and UNK , which was not only good for you but also made you more virile : the thought of strenuous activity left him exhausted . 
 Perhaps golf , with a fashionable companion -- but he'd lost his clubs , hadn't played in years . 
 There was swimming over at the Riverside Hotel , but his skin was so white he looked like the bottom of a UNK . 
 Perhaps a packing trip into the UNK , let his beard grow -- but that was too stark . 
 I could , he thought , take a long walk -- but where ? ? 
 The telephone rang . 
 `` You missed it '' , UNK voice said , `` You should have gone over to the UNK Room with us . 
 UNK . 
 UNK , but UNK , and UNK Williams and her UNK band '' . 
 `` Hi , Buzz '' , Owen said . 
 `` I went over to the UNK and dropped two notes '' . 
 `` UNK '' , Buzz said , `` Listen , we're having a stag dinner over at the UNK Room on Friday . 
 Imagine a stag dinner with UNK Williams '' . 
 He laughed and laughed . 
 Owen wanted to be pleasant because Buzz worked the territory next to his , but he hadn't come to Reno for stag dinners . 
 `` Thanks '' , Owen said , `` but Friday is a long way off and anything can happen '' . 
 Buzz was a tireless UNK who never let his victims rest . 
 When Owen was finally rid of him , there was a timid UNK at the door . 
 `` Yes '' , Owen called out . 
 `` Yes '' ? ? 
 `` I'm Mrs. Gertrude Parker '' , a soft voice explained , `` And I'd like to talk to you for a few minutes , please '' . 
 UNK , he thought , a lush UNK at last . 
 Probably saw me in the lobby . 
 He was disappointed to find a nervous , scrawny woman with a big hat standing at the door . 
 She frowned at his green UNK with the yellow UNK . 
 `` How do you do '' ? ? 
 She said , UNK . 
 `` Our church is UNK a group of very courageous women up in Alaska . 
 We call them lay-sisters and they go among the UNK making friends and bringing the light . 
 They're up there in that freezing climate and all of us have to try and help them '' . 
 `` Oh '' ? ? 
 `` You see '' , she said , looking past him into the room , where the highball glasses UNK UNK in the bright light , `` you and I can't understand the many hardships they have to undergo '' . 
 `` Why is that '' ? ? 
 She apparently wasn't satisfied with his reaction . 
 UNK , Owen thought , smug and UNK . 
 There was a slight nervous UNK in the region of her left eye . 
 It gave her a UNK , winking effect . 
 `` Have you ever tried to reason with an UNK '' ? ? 
 She asked , winking wildly . 
 `` They are a very difficult group of people '' . 
 `` I don't know much about them '' , Owen admitted , `` but I suppose they have their own religion and they probably resent outsiders coming in and telling them what to do and what not to do '' . 
 She smiled in a UNK fashion . 
 `` You know , that's very interesting . 
 People don't know how much they give away about themselves by remarks like that . 
 The more UNK I do , the more I note how far most people are from their personal God '' . 
 UNK , Owen kept his peace . 
 What would happen next ? ? 
 That she was out for a touch was certain , but when did she get to the pitch ? ? 
 Several people passed in the hall and stared as he slowly retreated , trying to close the door a little , and she slowly leaned toward him and raised her voice . 
 `` How did you get by the desk '' ? ? 
 He asked curiously . 
 `` I'm sure the hotel doesn't know you're wandering around the UNK , knocking on UNK doors and talking down UNK '' . 
 `` Oh , I just come once a week . 
 Every day I visit a different hotel . 
 I feel it's my duty . 
 I do this work all on my own , because I understand the difficulties and I want to help these lay-sisters . 
 Do you know these women go all through Alaska , and they don't have the proper facilities ? ? 
 They travel in pairs as much as a UNK miles a day '' . 
 `` Do you have any idea how far I travel every day ? ? 
 I have the whole Pacific Northwest '' . 
 Owen was aware he was getting UNK but he couldn't help himself . 
 Mrs. Gertrude Parker drew back . 
 `` That's hardly a Christian approach '' , she UNK . 
 `` You're in the secular world '' . 
 `` I didn't say it was Christian . 
 I don't think you'll find many active Christian salesmen . 
 Not that religion isn't big business ; ; 
 those UNK and prayer books make a lot of money for publishing houses , but they don't get top personnel . 
 Our key salesmen are in appliances and cosmetics '' . 
 `` God , I take it , plays no part in this '' , she said UNK . 
 `` God doesn't have any appliance or cosmetics '' , he said UNK before he caught himself . 
 It sounded silly ; ; 
 why go on ? ? 
 More people were passing ; ; 
 he had to find some way to close this impossible conversation . 
 `` And whiskey '' , she said , smiling and UNK at the highball glasses . 
 `` Don't forget whiskey ; ; 
 it's such a big seller '' . 
 `` You know '' , he said , getting a grip on himself , `` I think you're going to have to excuse me . 
 I have an appointment '' . 
 `` I can imagine '' , she said . 
 `` Probably down at the bar . 
 But what do you want to do about the lay-sisters ? ? 
 They must be freezing up there now . 
 Can't you help them '' ? ? 
 `` Leave a card or something . 
 I'll think it over '' . 
 `` I have no card '' , she said bitterly . 
 `` You haven't been listening to what I've been telling you . 
 I only hope my talking to you has helped you a little , anyway , because you need spiritual UNK '' . 
 She looked UNK , as if he had somehow disappointed the whole human race . 
 She stood UNK for a moment , then walked down the hall ; ; 
 he heard her knocking on another door . 
 It took him about fifteen minutes to calm himself ; ; 
 then he realized he was hungry . 
 He showered , shaved , dressed and went down to the dining room for breakfast . 
 On the way he stopped at the desk to receive his mail . 
 There was a check from his company , and the usual enthusiastic bulletins on new lines they always issued . 
 His lawyer had sent him a statement on his UNK UNK , and there was a letter from the UNK of Internal Revenue asking him to stop in his office and explain last year's UNK . 
 He ate breakfast in a sullen mood , but afterwards , when he walked out onto Virginia Street , he felt braced . 
 He looked off to the crest of the UNK , still UNK ; ; 
 the glisten of the UNK River made a wide UNK . 
 He felt suddenly UNK , adventurous . 
 With any luck at all he could easily find a UNK . 
 Although it was only three o'clock , he stopped in at the Golden UNK . 
 The tables were all spinning , the dice rattling , the bar crowded . 
 Just to test himself , he played roulette for quarters on his old combination , five and seventeen , and within an hour , he had won , surprisingly , twenty dollars . 
 The way was opening up ; ; 
 when the management brought around champagne , the breakfast settled its whirling around in his stomach . 
 The Golden UNK was dimly lit with shaded neon . 
 There were more women than men in the place , but he couldn't find a UNK . 
 They all had the hard look of gamblers who had stopped dreaming , who automatically turned the cards , hardly caring what showed up . 
 The UNK around the wall depicted early settlers in covered wagons , who appeared much more animated than the gamblers . 
 The women had a bright shining expectancy as they leaned out from the wall and gazed splendidly into the distance , while the men were stern but hopeful . 
 All , of course , except the UNK party who were bent on starving to death . 
 `` I wonder if they did eat each other at the end '' , Owen mused . 
 He sat down next to a UNK blonde , but she was cleaned out in twenty minutes . 
 She sighed a dirty word and left . 
 Owen was surprised to see Mrs. Gertrude Parker playing the UNK UNK that were UNK arranged by the entrance . 
 She sat down and played two slots at once , looking grim , as if UNK by mechanical devices , and Owen felt sorry for the lay-sisters depending on her support . 
 A UNK cowboy sat down next to him in the UNK place . 
 He was a little more authentic than usual because he smelled slightly of the UNK . 
 `` What you need is a steady UNK '' , the cowboy announced after watching Owen play . 
 `` You can't build on your UNK UNK '' . 
 `` What are you playing '' ? ? 
 Owen asked . 
 `` I'm just logging '' , the cowboy explained . 
 `` I keep all these plays in this little black book , and I watch over a UNK period to find out what numbers are repeating . 
 But UNK not my game . 
 I'm always trying to find a breaking table in UNK . 
 Incidentally , I'm pretty famous in these parts : I'm called The UNK '' . 
 `` Nice to know you . 
 Don't you have to spend any time on your ranch '' ? ? 
 `` Well , of course I do . 
 I'm with the UNK , pushing a horse called UNK . 
 He's my own horse , and what I collect from him I use on UNK . 
 This UNK can rack and UNK and he's the fastest thing in UNK County . 
 I figure if I can get any kind of publicity campaign going , I'll land him on TV -- you know , one of those favorite horses for some Western hero . 
 I once trained a horse for Hoot Gibson , but nothing like UNK . 
 He's a UNK and he photographs wonderfully '' . 
 Five came up while Owen was listening to The UNK and he neglected to play , a loss of ten dollars . 
 This proved conclusively that The UNK was a UNK , so he walked on down to UNK , an even more glorified gambling UNK than the Golden UNK . 
 When he looked in the back , Mrs. Gertrude Parker was marking UNK cards . 
 His adventurous spirit had UNK ; ; 
 he studied the pistol exhibition that UNK featured as an added attraction . 
 He UNK a long redhead with green eyes , but she was a UNK with her money in front of her . 
 He had no great prejudice against UNK ; ; 
 it just seemed such a dry run . 
 There was no cash around ; ; 
 everyone was UNK silver dollars . 
 The management UNK withdrew the green stuff into the office and gave the customers UNK or checks or premium points . 
 He read a special announcement whereby UNK would feature a special UNK at three A.M. UNK UNK ( The Body ) Brenner and fourteen glamorous UNK . 
 He wondered if he might bag a tourist , but they looked frightened of him . 
 He passed two UNK , both wearing UNK , and they made him feel a little sad . 
 Owen found Buzz watching UNK . 
 Buzz had on a Hawaiian shirt and was carrying some UNK oil and dark glasses . 
 He was shorter and UNK than Owen , who felt good standing next to him . 
 `` We're all going over to Lake Tahoe and try our luck at UNK '' , Buzz explained , still UNK . 
 `` We ran into a guy at the UNK Room who guarantees we can beat the wheel . 
 He started out as a UNK , then became a pit boss until the Club found him UNK . 
 He was knocking down checks at faro '' . 
 `` I'm UNK to Tahoe '' , Owen explained . 
 `` Something about the pollen '' . 
 `` Well , okay '' , Buzz said . 
 `` We'll see you around later '' . 
 Owen went over to the UNK table and the dice were hot , but he couldn't UNK with any consecutive success . 
 `` How's your luck , honey '' ? ? 
 A short platinum blonde in a bursting UNK addressed him . 
 She looked UNK and prosperous , but he didn't get the impression he was being UNK the way he'd been hoping . 
 `` I haven't had any luck since I was a baby '' . 
 `` UNK me '' , she said , `` and let me at those dice . 
 I'll make them dance the UNK . 
 We'll get it in a hurry and get it out '' . 
 `` Let's have a drink and discuss a merger '' . 
 `` If you go broke '' , she said , smiling up at him , `` I'll leave you '' . 
 `` UNK like real love '' , Owen said . 
 `` It sort of brings a lump to my throat '' . 
 `` My name's UNK '' , the blonde said after she ordered a Scotch . 
 `` UNK after the ballet . 
 My mother wanted to call me UNK , but it sounded too affected '' . 
 Spencer said nothing . 
 `` Is there any word you would like to offer in your own defense '' ? ? 
 Spencer shook his head . 
 Alexander said , `` UNK me properly , Spencer '' . 
 Spencer was quiet for a moment longer , then he said , `` There is nothing I want to say , Captain '' . 
 `` Very well '' . 
 Alexander walked away . 
 Naval procedure , he thought , had its moments of grim humor . 
 Philip Spencer had UNK planned the murder of his captain , yet it seemed in order to UNK him for a lapse of proper address . 
 During the morning hours , it became clear that the arrest of Spencer was having no UNK effect upon the men of the Somers . 
 Those named in the Greek paper were manufacturing reasons to steal aft under pretence of some call of duty , so as to be near Spencer , watching an opportunity to communicate with him . 
 UNK glances were flashed at both Alexander and Gansevoort . 
 The two met in the UNK cabin . 
 `` What is the next step , Captain '' ? ? 
 `` More UNK , I fear '' . 
 In your opinion , who is this E. UNK on the ' certain ' list '' ? ? 
 `` Cromwell , of course . 
 He is the oldest and most experienced of the lot . 
 He saw the dangers , not the glories of being identified as a UNK . 
 Somehow he talked Spencer into letting him use another name '' . 
 There was a tap at the door and Oliver entered with the word that Heiser wished to see the Captain . 
 `` Have him come in '' . 
 Heiser , breathless and UNK , brought the chilling news that the UNK , UNK and UNK had been UNK removed from their customary places . 
 `` And also , sir , two articles which were considered UNK now must be regarded in another light entirely . 
 An African knife and UNK are at this moment being sharpened by McKinley and Green . 
 McKinley was overheard to say that he would like to get the knife into Spencer's possession and that '' -- 
 `` Where did you gather all this information , Heiser ? ? 
 Who reported to you the disappearance of UNK and UNK and who '' -- 
 He was interrupted by a crash from the deck and sprang toward the ladder , with Gansevoort and Heiser behind him . 
 A glance revealed that the main UNK mast had been carried away . 
 The aimless milling about of what had been a UNK , UNK crew struck Alexander with horror . 
 He bellowed orders and watched the alert response of some of his men and watched , too , the way a dozen or more turned their heads UNK toward the UNK figure as though for further instruction . 
 UNK UNK hastened to UNK side . 
 `` Small violently jerked the UNK brace with full intention to carry away the mast . 
 I saw him myself and it was done after consultation with Cromwell . 
 I swear it , sir '' . 
 And it was clear that UNK was not mistaken , for both Small and Cromwell took no step toward aiding in the sending up of the new UNK mast till Philip Spencer had given the signal to obey . 
 Then , with disappointment evident upon their faces , they moved to the work . 
 Alexander guessed that they had planned confusion and turmoil , thinking it the ideal climate in which to begin battle and UNK . 
 Their strategy was sound enough and , he reasoned , had been defeated only by Philip Spencer's unwillingness to sanction an idea he had not originated . 
 When the mast was raised , Alexander gave the order for Small and Cromwell to be placed under arrest , and now three figures in irons sprawled upon the open deck and terror stalked the Somers . 
 Spencer's potential followers were openly sullen and UNK , missing UNK without excuse , expressing in ominous tones their displeasure at the prisoners being kept in irons , communicating with the three by glance and signal . 
 One of the missing UNK came out of its hiding place after UNK UNK had been UNK disobeyed by Seaman Wilson . 
 UNK had reported the man to Gansevoort and an hour later , with back turned , had been attacked by Wilson , brandishing the weapon . 
 Wilson , UNK and UNK , was thrown with the other prisoners and was soon joined by Green , UNK and McKinley . 
 Not a man on the UNK , loyal or UNK , could be UNK by the sight of seven men involved in the crime of UNK . 
 In the tiny cabin , Alexander met with Gansevoort , Heiser and Wales to speak and to listen . 
 Three days had passed since Spencer's arrest and each day had brought new dangers , new fears . 
 Gansevoort said , `` It requires an UNK eye to select those if any on whom we can now rely . 
 To have the Greek paper is not the great help that at first flush it seemed . 
 From actions aboard , it is easy to guess that Spencer's boast of twenty UNK followers was a modest estimate '' . 
 `` Well '' , Heiser ventured , `` why don't we hold an investigation with questioning and '' -- 
 `` That would be worse than useless '' , Alexander broke in . 
 `` There is not space to hold or force to guard any increased number of prisoners . 
 Besides , suppose we hold a court of inquiry , then what ? ? 
 Then we have informed a large number of our crew that when they reach the United States , they will be punished but that in the meanwhile , they may run loose and are expected to perform their jobs in good order . 
 Mr. Heiser , does this sound like a truly workable plan to you ? ? 
 Do you not think these men might choose the black flag here and now '' ? ? 
 Wales said , `` Of course they would . 
 They are about to do so at any moment as it is . 
 All that is needed is for one man to feel UNK enough to take the lead . 
 As soon as that one man is appointed by himself or the others or by a signal from Spencer , we are going to be rushed . 
 We are going to be rushed and murdered '' . 
 `` That is extravagant language , Mr. Wales . 
 We are not going to be rushed and murdered '' , Alexander said . 
 `` We are going to bring the Somers into New York harbor safe and sound '' . 
 `` Of course , I agree with the Captain '' , Gansevoort said thoughtfully , `` but the conspiracy is UNK and desperate . 
 The instinct of discipline has been lost . 
 Anything is possible when anarchy has the upper hand '' . 
 He paused , then added , `` Everything on a ship is a weapon . 
 UNK of wood and iron are available for close and hasty combat no matter where a man stands . 
 And we are positive of so few and suspicious of so many '' . 
 `` We ourselves must stand UNK '' . 
 Alexander said . 
 `` Under arms day and night , watch and watch about . 
 Those of us present , the Perry brothers , UNK and the other UNK now have the responsibility of the Somers . 
 A great deal of labor we have as well , for we are too uncertain of where trust may be placed '' . 
 And when he was alone again in the cabin , Alexander lowered his head into his arms and wept , for he knew full well what must be done , what in the end would be done . 
 With all his heart he had loved the Navy and now he must act in accordance with the Navy's UNK laws . 
 And when he did , when he gave to his ship that protection necessary to preserve her honor , he knew he would lose forever the Navy to which he had dedicated his soul . 
 Where had he failed ? ? 
 How had he failed ? ? 
 He who had tried so hard , who had UNK so UNK to be a great officer . 
 It came to him as he wept there aboard the Somers that it was as foolish to strive for greatness as to seek to storm the gates of heaven . 
 It was given or it was not given . 
 One did one's best and if fortune smiled , there was a reward . 
 One did one's best and if fortune frowned , an UNK boy with murder in his heart sailed aboard one's ship . 
 And Alexander UNK like a girl for the dreams he had had , and he felt no shame . 
 God knew his tears were his to shed if he so desired , for it had not been with an UNK rage for fame that he had held precious his naval career . 
 Another field had given him fame enough to satisfy any UNK . 
 It was for love that he had served the Navy . 
 To have someday that love returned was what he had lived for . 
 Now the hope was gone . 
 Yes , he would bring the Somers safely into New York harbor but at a price . 
 Dear God , at what a price . 
 And after a while , he dried his tears and walked the deck as a captain should with assurance and dignity . 
 UNK , he UNK the prisoners , satisfying himself that they were clean , well fed and comfortable within reason . 
 The prisoners UNK their eyes but not before he had glimpsed hatred and anger . 
 Only Cromwell , the giant UNK , was UNK and respectful . 
 He said , `` Captain , may I speak , please ? ? 
 Captain , I am innocent of any plot against you or the ship '' . 
 `` Are you , Cromwell '' ? ? 
 `` Yes , sir . 
 Before God I swear I am innocent . 
 I know nothing of any plot , if there is such a thing '' . 
 `` You are the only man aboard who can be in doubt '' . 
 `` I cannot speak for others , sir , but I am innocent '' . 
 He leaned closer to Alexander , UNK up at him from the deck . 
 `` Surely , Captain , you did not find my name on any suspicious paper or anything '' . 
 `` No , Cromwell , I did not find your name . 
 You were careful about that '' . 
 Now Spencer , seeming with effort to shake himself from lethargy , spoke . 
 He said , `` Cromwell is telling you the truth . 
 He is innocent '' . 
 Alexander shifted his gaze to Spencer . 
 The UNK and detachment of his tone suggested UNK of how implicit was his own guilt in the words he had used to defend Cromwell . 
 Alexander knew Spencer too well to think him naive or UNK . 
 And in a sudden wave of painful clarity , Alexander recognized a UNK with Spencer . 
 Here was another human who understood the stupidity of quarreling with the inevitable . 
 There was good fortune and there was bad and Philip Spencer , in UNK and ankle irons , knew it to be a truth . 
 He expected nothing for himself but that which naturally follows those marked for misfortune . 
 The UNK captain , towering above the prisoner as a symbol of decency and authority , was shocked to find himself looking with sympathy upon Philip Spencer . 
 This tragic lad had UNK his own UNK . 
 But he could not have done so , could not have found the way , had fortune favored him . 
 And because fortune had favored neither the prisoner nor the UNK captain , they would be each other's UNK . 
 `` Spencer , if there is guilt , if you do not deny your own , how is it possible for Cromwell to be innocent ? ? 
 He was your constant companion '' . 
 The UNK eyes met UNK . 
 `` I tell you he is innocent '' . 
 `` And do you think there is a reason why I should accept your word '' ? ? 
 `` Yes . 
 I have nothing to gain by defending Cromwell '' . 
 `` Nothing to lose , either , Spencer '' . 
 `` That's true '' , Spencer agreed and withdrew himself from the conversation . 
 His eyes went back to contemplation of the sea . 
 `` I am innocent , Captain '' , Cromwell said again . 
 `` Before God , Captain , I am innocent '' . 
 And though it was logical that a man who could plot mass murder would not hesitate to speak an UNK , still it was difficult to understand why Spencer spoke only for Cromwell . 
 The UNK was as guilty as any . 
 No action of his could be interpreted in his favor and four UNK , prior to their knowing the significance of the Greek paper , had seen it in UNK hands while Spencer whispered explanations . 
 `` I thought '' , UNK Rogers had told Alexander , `` that Spencer was teaching him geometry '' . 
 It was fantastic to turn from the seven men in UNK to the UNK , where a class of UNK awaited him . 
 This was a training ship and the training would continue , but there was an element of frightful absurdity here which Alexander recognized . 
 Some of these UNK were , in physical strength , already men and doubtless a percentage of them were Spencer's followers . 
 Rachel steered me along toward a school for young boys beginning to study the UNK . 
 UNK of UNK lay in the roadway . 
 The air smelled UNK and foul . 
 A young man appeared out of a side alley and walked toward us with quick strides . 
 He wore a long UNK coat of a heavy material , dark trousers , and black boots with UNK . 
 His black hat with its wide brim , high crown , and fur trim rode high . 
 With his head erect , he approached , not glancing at us , and passed by with his clear eyes raised and fixed straight ahead . 
 He had a UNK complexion , a small straight nose , a short black beard , and tightly curled UNK . 
 I was suddenly conscious of my bare arms . 
 The girls in the market place wore UNK dresses and covered their legs with cloth stockings . 
 I turned and watched him stride down the center of the road . 
 His hands were swinging at his sides , and he passed through the dingy market place with his back straight and , UNK on his heel , he entered an old stone building . 
 Rachel had seen me watching the young man . 
 She smiled . 
 `` When your mother was here he must have been a young boy . 
 Like the ones you will see now '' . 
 I swallowed hard and looked down at my feet plodding along beside Rachel . 
 She led me into a twisting side alley . 
 The dirty , UNK buildings looked boarded up , and their few windows stood high above our heads . 
 Rachel said that schools and UNK occupied most of the buildings . 
 We entered one where the front door stood UNK and climbed a flight of steep steps to the main floor . 
 An old man with a white beard and dressed in a long shabby coat , baggy trousers , and a black UNK greeted us . 
 Rachel talked to him . 
 He nodded , UNK and UNK his hands over his UNK , and flicked glances at me . 
 I thought he would ask us to leave because Rachel and I were UNK , but he looked down into his beard and preceded us down the corridor . 
 His toes pointed out toward the walls . 
 He stopped in front of a door , placed a finger on his lips , and , still peering down into his beard , pushed open the door to a classroom . 
 We stepped inside . 
 He left us . 
 Little boys crowded together on long wooden benches , and in the center of the room sat the teacher . 
 His black beard dripped down over the front of his coat . 
 One white hand poised a stick above his desk . 
 He turned his UNK , UNK eyes toward us , stared for a second , then shouted in Yiddish , `` One , two , three '' ! ! 
 UNK the stick against the desk . 
 The little boys UNK out a Yiddish translation or interpretation of the Five Books of Moses , which they had previously chanted in Hebrew . 
 They chanted a fixed tune in time to the report of the stick . 
 Each boy opened his small mouth wide and rocked back and forth on the bench in the way his grandfather and UNK had studied and prayed in the ghettos of Europe . 
 The boys were tiny . 
 They had large bright eyes , the small UNK noses of all babies everywhere , and hair cropped short except for the long UNK of UNK framing their little white faces . 
 They bent over UNK UNK and looked up only to watch the teacher . 
 Since they did not glance curiously at us once , I guessed that there was a penalty for UNK . 
 The UNK language from the ghetto stopped . 
 The teacher plunged the children into a new portion , this time in Hebrew , UNK the stick UNK . 
 One boy who rocked back and forth over his worn book had bright red hair and UNK . 
 His tightly curled UNK hung down to his narrow shoulders . 
 In the center of his brilliant UNK sat a small black UNK . 
 His head barely rose above the table . 
 I stared at him for a long time . 
 He did not return my interest . 
 My eyes traveled over the bare walls and up to the one partially open window high above the little figures and back to the boys . 
 Some of them ignored the UNK and had apparently UNK the words long ago . 
 They UNK the portion at the teacher , who accompanied them in an UNK baritone and spurred them on with the stick . 
 The tapping defined the rhythm and kept the boys awake . 
 I could not keep my eyes away from the boy with the red hair . 
 His body pitched back and forth on the bench . 
 His front teeth were missing . 
 I shuddered and backed out of the room . 
 Rachel followed , looked at me , and UNK with her tongue . 
 We walked down the cool hall silently . 
 From behind us came the UNK of the stick and the high-pitched voices of the boys who would grow to devote their lives to rigid study and prayer . 
 I said , `` How long do they keep that up '' ? ? 
 `` All day '' , she said . 
 `` Except for UNK , when they are UNK all day '' . 
 I rubbed my hands together . 
 They had turned numb and UNK in the classroom . 
 The old man in the baggy clothes waited at the foot of the steps . 
 He glanced down into his beard and muttered something in Yiddish . 
 Rachel said , `` He asks for money '' . 
 She passed by him . 
 I reached into the pocket of my skirt , UNK ten UNK , and dropped the coin . 
 Then I picked it up again and handed it to the old man . 
 He thanked me . 
 I didn't look at him . 
 I grinned at Rachel . 
 `` Does this bother you '' ? ? 
 I said . 
 She smiled to herself . 
 `` Most of our UNK think it's horrible . 
 When we were fighting , a few of our orthodox people were lying down in the roads so we could not pass . 
 They said that we must not fight but wait for the UNK '' . 
 I was amazed . 
 You had to have convictions to lie down in the road in all those clothes and appear as though you might wish to turn yourself out of your own home . 
 You had to be stupid or crazy or immortal . 
 And I wasn't . 
 I was American . 
 You had to know , also , that you were going to fail . 
 All of it might have been heroic , but they had done it in the wrong place . 
 I resented them . 
 Rachel faced me . 
 Her bright eyes were UNK . 
 She said , `` Sometimes I think they are keeping religion for us while we play around . 
 Your mother hated this way of life . 
 She wished to change much for the children here '' . 
 I said quietly , UNK , `` What did she do here ? ? 
 In this section '' ? ? 
 Rachel clicked her tongue behind her teeth . 
 `` Here , nothing . 
 But when she saw the children you have just visited , she wanted to take them away and put them out in the country , in the UNK . 
 She loved the children . 
 She was a strange woman , your mother . 
 When she loved , it was with a passion that drove her along and carried along with her those things she loved . 
 Nothing was too impossible for her to do when she wanted . 
 She stayed here to work for UNK . 
 For many immigrants , for many children , the first thing they knew of Israel and freedom was your mother . 
 Sometimes it was dangerous for her '' . 
 Rachel grinned UNK . 
 `` But she loved danger . 
 She took it with her wherever she went ; ; 
 she chose it . 
 And I think she sought out danger as much as she sought out helping other people . 
 She was most strange woman . 
 UNK to follow her impulse . 
 It was an impulse when she was here in UNK UNK -- I was with her -- that led her to stay in Israel . 
 Your mother wanted to bring children to Israel so that they could leave their ghettos . 
 Here they did not need to be in ghettos . 
 If she could not take the children out of this section , at least she could take other children out of their countries and put them on the farms . 
 She set out to make sure that no Jewish child UNK in the world had to live in a place such as this '' . 
 I said quietly , gaining nerve , ready to ask any question at all , no matter how intimate , ready to be rebuffed , `` Then why did she leave Israel ? ? 
 I'd like to know that very much '' . 
 Rachel UNK her hands together and slowed her pace . 
 The soles of her sandals reported sharply on the UNK . 
 She UNK her lips , then clamped them together so tightly that I thought she was angry with me . 
 But she sighed and her face relaxed . 
 `` UNK came into her life . 
 She had good friends here , people who liked her . 
 Who loved her . 
 But she had to go out and hurt herself . 
 There was a man here in town . 
 He helped her meet people so she could go out and do the work she wanted . 
 She worked very hard . 
 There was a refugee who was able to come here because of her . 
 He came with his son . 
 At first I thought they were relatives of your mother , but it was not so . 
 This refugee was a middle-aged man , a big , handsome man with a UNK to his walk as I have never before seen . 
 He had the black UNK on his arm , so he had been UNK in a concentration camp . 
 Yet he walked like a young man . 
 Often he was terribly UNK and talked to no one . 
 Then he would walk off for a few days alone in the direction of Europe . 
 All his family was dead , except for his son . 
 Your mother would always UNK him when he wandered off , and she would send him home to his son . 
 He loved the son and was always glad to be sent back to him . 
 Then his son did something '' -- Rachel threw up her hands -- `` I don't know what , but something , to an official here -- it was during the UNK -- and the son was imprisoned . 
 A few hours after the son was arrested , your mother was informed . 
 She ran from a little group of us . 
 We were sitting together , talking . 
 She went to the father and found he had hanged himself '' . 
 Rachel paused . 
 It was silent in the stone alley . 
 Then she continued with energy , `` I myself did not see her until a week after she had run off to find the father . 
 No one saw her except the man Reuveni '' . 
 `` Yes '' , I said . 
 `` I know him '' . 
 Rachel gave me a direct , UNK look . 
 She said , `` Reuveni wanted your mother to give up her deep interest in this refugee . 
 He said she would only hurt herself . 
 He complained to me once that I must talk to her . 
 When I did , she shrugged her shoulders and said that Reuveni wanted her to marry him . 
 I asked her if she would , and she said she would not . 
 He had known when he first helped her to meet the right people and work with them that she did not intend to marry him . 
 Anyway , I did not see her until two weeks after the refugee hanged himself . 
 She came to me one day . 
 She was pale and skinny ; ; 
 she was terribly alone . 
 And she said that after this man had been dead for a week she had gone to Reuveni and accepted his proposal . 
 He shouted at her and told her he loved her and couldn't understand why she had upset herself . 
 But now he was happy she would let him straighten out her life and take care of her . 
 He would never let her harm herself again . 
 For one whole week he never let her stay alone . 
 She let him lead her around . 
 He took her to a doctor , for she was run down , nervous , did not care where she was . 
 Reuveni took her with him wherever he went . 
 He did not let her talk to people ; ; 
 he did not let her choose her own food . 
 She was limp and beaten from her loss ; ; 
 she did not care . 
 `` And I'll take you with me '' . 
 The two of them against the world . 
 That had been how she imagined it . 
 For when he began to talk and dream all at the same time , making his plans as he went , she had begun dreaming too . 
 But now the dream was over . 
 The big waking up had happened . 
 `` What did I imagine '' ? ? 
 She thought . 
 `` Did I see him about to swing low in a UNK ? ? 
 Or maybe UNK up the south fork of the UNK Deer River UNK the wastes dumped in it ? ? 
 Maybe I saw him on a barge with a gang of UNK UNK it '' . 
 And I'll take you with me . 
 He had taken her all right . 
 Wednesday nights after youth fellowship . 
 Out of the church and into his big car , it tooling over the road with him driving and the headlights sweeping the UNK ahead and after he hit college , his UNK , the quaint little pine board tourist courts , cabins really , with a cute naked light bulb in the ceiling ( UNK and naked as a UNK , like the one on the corner where you used to play when you were a kid , where you watched the bats UNK in after the bugs , watching in between your UNK at UNK ) , a room complete with UNK UNK the light and the few casual UNK cruising the walls , an insect Highway Patrol with UNK waving . 
 And the bed that UNK in a certain place where all the weight had been put too many times before and the walls fine and thin for UNK talk in the next room when Gratt went out for ice , the sound coming through the walls like something on the other side of the curtain , so you knew they heard you when they were quiet and while you lay wondering what they had heard you listened . 
 And Gratt Shafer would be in Memphis today for the wedding rehearsal and then tomorrow he would marry just like everybody knew he would , just like everybody knew all along . 
 Like UNK and the mayor up there gripping the microphone and UNK UNK back in his office UNK out teeth , like they all knew he would . 
 Just like the balloon would go up and you could sit all day and wish it would spring a UNK or blow to hell up and burn and nothing like that would happen . 
 Or you could hope the UNK wouldn't open just so you could say you saw it not open , not because you meant any harm to UNK Poe in his suit of red UNK , but mainly because you were tired of being an old maid -- a thing which cannot admit when it thinks it might be pregnant , but must stand the dizzy feeling all alone and go on like everything is all right instead of being able to say to somebody in a normal voice : `` I think I'm pregnant '' . 
 You could wish that . 
 Or you could wish your UNK would really do it -- kill Gratt Shafer like he said when you all the time , all along , could feel the nerve UNK out of him like air out of a UNK tire when you are on a muddy road alone and it is raining and at night . 
 So you sit in the car and listen to the air run out and listen to the rain and see the mud in front of the headlights , waiting for you , for your new spectator pumps , waiting for you to squat by yourself out there in your tight skirt , crying and afraid and trying to get that damned UNK tire off , because that is being an old maid too , if you happen to drive a car , it is changing the tire yourself in the night , and in the mud and the rain , UNK to get out in it but afraid to stay and afraid to try to walk out for help . 
 And every sound that might be the rain also might be the man who thinks after he has UNK you he has to beat your brains out with a tire tool so you won't tell , a combination like ham and eggs , rape her and kill her , and that is being an old maid too . 
 It is not having his baby UNK warm and fat against your breast and it is not having somebody that really gives a damn whether some UNK cracks your UNK . 
 And most of all it is not having the only man you could love , whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the UNK UNK down at the sheds , or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines , for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one . 
 He can even be a UNK UNK guy with UNK ideas and level gray eyes and a heart even UNK couldn't figure out , how it is unlocked . 
 And he can be on the way to Memphis , your Gratt Shafer can , and you discover you can stay alive and hate him and love him and want him even if it means you want him -- really want him -- dead . 
 Because if you can't then nobody else can either , nobody else can have him . 
 For you don't share him , not even with God . 
 If it is love , you don't . 
 And I'll take you with me . 
 Even if that's all the promise he ever gave or ever will give , the giving of it once was enough and you believed it then and you will always believe it , even when it is finally the only thing in the world you have left to believe , and the whole world is telling you that one was a lie . 
 Even when he is on the way to Memphis you will still have the promise resting inside you like a gift , and it is he inside of you . 
 And in a way the promise works out true , for whether he wants you or not , you go with him in your heart . 
 You feel him every mile further away . 
 You feel where he is and what he sees , and at night you feel when he is asleep or with the other woman , the one that never could love him the way you do , the one who got him because she didn't particularly give a damn whether she got him or didn't . 
 And you know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you didn't get him , and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy , the UNK who begged you to marry him , the one with the plastered hair and the car he couldn't afford and the UNK shoes . 
 You think : `` Did he feel that way about me '' ? ? 
 It comes to you that probably he did feel that way to let you use him like you did when you couldn't have Gratt Shafer ; ; 
 that he must have since he was there like the radio for you to turn on or snap off when you got tired of him , that other guy . 
 It UNK on you that instead of a lump to fill the seat across the bridge table from you , he was a man , and that because Gratt Shafer was making you miserable , you were passing it down to him , to Gratt UNK substitute , that other guy . 
 And you wonder if that is why the little man lost his job and his car and stayed drunk about a year before he straightened out and moved to St. Louis , where he got to be a big unhappy success . 
 You wonder if he looks at his wife now and thinks of you . 
 You wonder about the Christmas card with no name on it , and it comes to you that maybe it would have been better to have made somebody else happy if you couldn't be happy yourself , to give somebody else the one they wanted -- to give them you . 
 `` Damn the world '' , she thought . 
 She looked out at the corn field , the great green deep acres of it rolled out like the sea in the field beyond the UNK fence bordering the grounds . 
 The mayor envisioned factories there . 
 UNK and factories and schools and a big wide federal highway , instead of peaceful corn to rest your eyes on while you tried to rest your heart , while you tried not to look at the balloon and the bandstand and the uniforms and the flash of the instruments . 
 The bands were impatient , but they were the only ones . 
 The others , the ones in the stands , were UNK , for hearing the mayor was for them like listening to a symphony was for sophisticated folks in New York City . 
 It was like being in the concert hall in the afternoon and hearing the piano UNK UNK . 
 He was good and they knew that what he was doing for them he would do all over the United States some day . 
 So they stayed quiet and hung not on what he said but on how he said it , not listening exactly , but rather , feeling . 
 If a man was good , if he was going to be governor , you felt it and you wanted him to go on forever . 
 You were sorry when he finished talking because while he was up there you were someone else and the world was something else too . 
 It was a place full of courage and hope and you were part of it . 
 You laughed and then your chest UNK and you felt you could cry for a little bit , and then a feeling hit you like a chill in your stomach and the UNK UNK UNK along your arm . 
 He hit the theme about dying to defend your country , and you were ready to do it right then , without a second thought . 
 While he talked you wouldn't trade being a West Tennessee farmer for being anything else in the whole damned world , no matter if it hadn't , in six weeks , rained enough to wet a UNK ass . 
 She glanced at the man nodding beside her , a man with weather cracks UNK into his lean cheeks , with UNK pale eyes reflecting all the UNK he had seen , reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August -- yes , with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June , only festival time again and thoughts of Gratt Shafer would not leave her . 
 `` I should have stayed at the store '' , she thought . 
 Back at the UNK with the other old maids , back there she was the youngest clerk and she was thirty-four , which made her young enough to resent the usual ideal working conditions , like the UNK toilet with the door you had to hold shut while you sat down . 
 There was no lock because Herman didn't allow a lock . 
 A lock on the toilet would encourage UNK and UNK . 
 The toilet hadn't had a sincere UNK in years and there were things written on the walls of the little UNK place because you couldn't keep the public out -- entirely . 
 She could not count the times Herman had rapped on the door , just a couple of bangs that shook the whole damned closet and might , someday , break away the pipe connections from the wall . 
 The two little bangs meant that he was getting impatient to have a crowd of customers waited on and that if he had to he would UNK open the door and drag out , by the opposite door handle which she would be clutching , UNK clerk it was who thought she could waste so much store time on the pot . 
 And the hours were UNK in the morning until eleven at night on UNK and during sales , and there were no chairs and you couldn't smoke and the cooling was overhead fans and there was no porter or janitor . 
 Among us , we three handled quite a few small commissions , from spot drawings for advertising agencies uptown to magazine work and quick lettering jobs . 
 Each of us had his own UNK besides . 
 George did wonderful complicated UNK drawings like something out of a medieval miniature : hundreds of delicate details UNK into an UNK sheet and looking as if they had been done under a UNK glass . 
 He also drew precise crisp spots , which he sold to various literary and artistic journals , The New Yorker , for instance , or UNK . 
 I did book jackets and covers for UNK UNK : naked girls UNK in corners of dingy furnished rooms while at the doorway , daring the cops to take him , is the guy in shirt sleeves clutching a revolver . 
 The book could be The UNK Karamazov , but it would still have the same jacket illustration . 
 I remember once I did a jacket for UNK Press ; ; 
 the book was a fine historical novel about Edward 3 , , and I did a week of research to get the details just right : the UNK armor , furnishings , clothes . 
 I even UNK out the materials from which UNK were made -- UNK wood covered with leather -- so I'd get the light reflections accurate . 
 UNK , the art editor , took one look at my finished sketch and said , `` Nothing doing , UNK . 
 In the first place , it's static ; ; 
 in the second place , it doesn't look authentic ; ; 
 and in the third place , it would cost a fortune to reproduce in the first place -- you've got six colors there including gold '' . 
 I said , `` Mr. UNK , it is as authentic as careful research can make it '' . 
 He said , `` That may be , but it isn't authentic the way readers think . 
 They know from their UNK into television and the movies that knights in the middle ages had beautiful flowing UNK like Little Lord UNK , and only the villains had beards . 
 And girls couldn't have dressed like that -- it isn't transparent enough '' . 
 In the end , I did the same old picture , the naked girl and the guy in the doorway , only I put a Lord Byron shirt on the guy , gave him a sword instead of a pistol , and painted in furniture from the UNK of a costume movie . 
 UNK was as happy as a UNK . 
 `` That's authenticity '' , he said . 
 As for Donald , he actually sold paintings . 
 We all painted in our spare time , and we had all started as easel painters with scholarships , but he was the only one of us who made any regular money at it . 
 Not much ; ; 
 he sold perhaps three or four a year , and usually all to Joyce UNK or her friends . 
 He had style , a real inner vision of his very own . 
 It was strange stuff -- it reminded me of the pictures of a child , but a child who has never played with other kids and has lived all its life with adults . 
 There was the freshness of color , the freedom of perception , the lack of self-consciousness , but with a twist that made the forms leap from the page and smack you in the eye . 
 We used to kid him by saying he only painted that way because he was so UNK . 
 It may have been true for all I know , because his glasses were like the bottoms of milk bottles , but it didn't prevent the paintings from being exciting . 
 He also had , at times , an uncanny UNK air like a UNK ; ; 
 he would look right through you while you were talking to him , and if you said , `` For Christ's sake , Donald , you've got UNK blue all over your shirt '' , he would smile , and nod , and an hour later the paint would be all over his pants as well . 
 Mrs. UNK thought of him as her discovery , and she paid two to three hundred dollars for a painting . 
 It was all gravy , and Donald didn't need much to live on ; ; 
 none of us did . 
 We shared the expenses of the studio , and we all lived within walking distance of it , in cheap UNK of one kind or another . 
 UNK the life class was my idea -- or rather , UNK idea , but I was ripe for it , and the other two wouldn't have gone if I hadn't talked them into it . 
 I wanted to paint again . 
 I hadn't done a serious picture in almost a year . 
 It wasn't just the pressure of work , although that was the excuse I often used , even to myself . 
 It was the kind of work I was doing , the quality of the ambition it awoke in me , that kept me from painting . 
 I kept saying , `` If I could just build up a reputation for myself , make some real money , get to be well known as an UNK -- like Peter Askington , for instance -- then I could take some time off and paint '' . 
 Askington was a kind of goal I set myself ; ; 
 I had admired him long before I talked to him . 
 It looked to me as though he had everything an artist could want , joy in his work , standing in the profession , a large and steady income . 
 The night we first met , at one of Mrs. UNK giant parties , he was wearing a brown UNK jacket with silver buttons and a soft pink UNK shirt ; ; 
 instead of a UNK he wore a leather UNK drawn through a golden ring in which was set a lump of pale pure UNK . 
 This set his tone : richness of texture and color , and another kind of richness as well , for his clothing and decorations would have paid the UNK rent for a year . 
 He was fifteen years older than I -- forty-four -- but full of spring and sparkle . 
 He didn't look like what I thought of as an old man , and his lively and UNK speech made him seem even younger . 
 He was one of the most prominent magazine UNK in America ; ; 
 you saw one of his paintings on the cover of one or another of the slick national magazines every month . 
 Life had included him in its `` Modern American Artists '' series and had photographed him at his studio in the East Sixties ; ; 
 the corner of it you could see in the photograph looked as though it ought to have UNK in it painting the royalty of Spain . 
 I had a long talk with him . 
 We went into Mrs. UNK library , which had low UNK all along the walls , and above them a UNK portrait , a Jackson Pollock twelve feet long , and a gorgeous UNK with a yellow background , that looked like an inscription from a Martian tomb . 
 The fireplace had tiles made for Mrs. UNK by Picasso himself . 
 Like certain expensive restaurants , just sitting there gave you the illusion of being wealthy yourself . 
 In the course of our talk , Askington mentioned that he spent part of each week studying . 
 `` By yourself '' ? ? 
 I asked . 
 `` No , I take classes with different people '' , he said . 
 `` I don't think I've reached the point , yet , where I can say I know everything I ought to know about the craft . 
 Besides , it's important to the way a painter thinks that he should move in a certain atmosphere , an atmosphere in which he may absorb the ideas of other masters , as UNK went to Italy to meet UNK and UNK '' . 
 He made a circle with his thumb and fingers . 
 `` UNK isn't this big , you know . 
 It doesn't embrace only the artist , alone before his easel . 
 It is as large as all of art , interdependent , varied , UNK '' . 
 He threw his arms wide , his face shining . 
 `` The artist is like a fragment of a mosaic -- no , he is more than that , a UNK performer in some vast UNK . 
 One of these days , I'm going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything that's being painted these days , from extreme abstract UNK to extreme UNK , and then you'll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in common with each other . 
 The eye is all , inward or outward . 
 Ah , what a title for the exhibition : The UNK is All '' ! ! 
 `` What do you study '' ? ? 
 I asked . 
 I was fascinated ; ; 
 just listening to him made me feel intelligent . 
 `` I'm studying anatomy with Burns '' , he replied . 
 `` Maybe you know him . 
 He teaches at the Manhattan School of Art '' . 
 I nodded . 
 I had studied with Burns ten years before , during the scholarship year the Manhattan gave me , along with the UNK prize for my paintings of UNK on Hudson Street . 
 Burns and I had not loved each other . 
 `` I'm also studying UNK with UNK UNK '' , he went on , `` and twice a week I go to a life class taught by Pendleton '' . 
 `` UNK Pendleton '' ? ? 
 I said . 
 `` My God , is he still alive ? ? 
 He must be a million years old . 
 I went to a UNK of his work when I was eighteen , and I thought he was a contemporary of UNK '' . 
 `` Not quite '' . 
 Askington laughed . 
 `` He's about sixty , now . 
 Still painting , still a kind of modern UNK , beautiful canvases of mountains and farms . 
 He even makes the city look like one of UNK UNK . 
 I've always admired him , and when I heard he was taking a few pupils , I went to him and joined his class '' . 
 `` Yes , it sounds great '' , I said , `` but suppose you don't think of yourself as an UNK painter '' ? ? 
 `` You're missing the point '' , he said . 
 `` He has the magical eye . 
 And he is a great man . 
 Contact with him is stimulating . 
 And that's the trouble with so many artists today . 
 They lack stimulation . 
 They sit alone in their rooms and try to paint , and only succeed in isolating themselves still farther from life . 
 That's one of the reasons art is becoming a useless occupation . 
 In the Middle Ages , in the Renaissance , right up to the early nineteenth century , the painter was a giant in the world . 
 He was an UNK , a man who studied his trade and developed his craftsmanship the way a UNK or a wood UNK did . 
 He filled a real need , showing society what it looked like , turning it inside out , UNK its wars and its leaders , its ugliness and its beauties , reflecting its profound religious impulses . 
 He was a UNK -- they weren't afraid of the word , then -- UNK , nature lover , philosopher , scientist , what you will , a member of every party and of no party . 
 But look at us today ! ! 
 We hold safe little jobs illustrating UNK ads or the UNK incidents in trivial novels , and most of our easel painting is nothing but picking the UNK out of the UNK so it can be contemplated in greater purity . 
 A bunch of amateur UNK ! ! 
 What we need is to get back to the group , to learning and UNK , to the cafe and the school '' . 
 He could certainly talk . 
 The UNK of the evening was that I got the address of UNK studio -- or rather , of the studio in which he gave his classes , for he didn't work there himself -- and joined the life class , which met every Tuesday and Thursday from ten to twelve in the morning . 
 It was an awkward hour , but I didn't have to punch any time clock , and it only meant that sometimes I had to stay a couple of hours later at the drawing board to finish up a job . 
 After a short time , both George and Donald joined the class with me so they wouldn't feel lonely , and we used to hang a sign on the door of the UNK reading out to work . 
 It was mostly for the benefit of the UNK , because hardly anybody else ever visited us . 
 In a way , Askington was right . 
 `` UNK '' was the word for it . 
 I don't know that it was always as rewarding as I had expected it to be . 
 UNK , it was because Pendleton himself wasn't what I anticipated . 
 I had come prepared to worship at the feet of this classic , and he turned out to be a rather bitter old man who smelled of dead UNK . 
 No , that isn't quite fair . 
 Actually , there was a lot of force in him , which is why I kept on in that class instead of quitting after a week . 
 Such a little thing to start with -- the car registration . 
 `` UNK , where is the car license '' ? ? 
 She asked . 
 `` I can't find it in the glove compartment '' . 
 `` Via must have it '' , I answered readily enough , recalling her last visit . 
 `` Via '' , she was frowning . 
 `` Why should Via have it '' ? ? 
 Had she forgotten she had signed the car away , that whatever they mutually owned had been divided among the children ? ? 
 I was silent . 
 I didn't want to stir things up . 
 `` I drive my own car by courtesy of Via '' ? ? 
 `` I'm sure she'd turn it over to you , if you'd rather . 
 You know that '' . 
 She looked as if she were accusing me of some fraud . 
 `` She must have taken the registration when she went to UNK . 
 I'll call her '' . 
 `` No , thank you . 
 I want nothing of UNK '' . 
 Why should this suddenly UNK her ? ? 
 Walter was giving me checks for my pay , the household bills . 
 Had she been in such a turmoil that this had slipped her mind ? ? 
 `` What a fool I've been '' , she said quietly . 
 `` I knew all this , but I paid no attention . 
 I don't even own the house I'm standing in . 
 I was so sure it was all temporary that we would all embrace , and then the lawyer would tear up all those things 
 `` It UNK down down down and finally there is no way out . 
 If I am not to be Mrs. Salter I am nothing '' . 
 I suppose I should have paid attention to that UNK remark , but it seemed one of those extreme statements women under stress indulge in . 
 I love you , I hate you , I feel like killing you and myself , and in the same sequence I love you I think you're the most wonderful the most noble and so on and on , meanwhile eating a good breakfast and dinner and enjoying living . 
 So I went about my business . 
 I made a lemon sponge , a light dessert , roasted a chicken , UNK some frozen vegetables , so there would be something nice in the UNK for the weekend . 
 `` Don't bother , UNK '' , she said . 
 `` I have these appointments in town for Saturday , and I'll probably spend Sunday with Dolly or the UNK '' . 
 At last , I thought , she's UNK her spirits . 
 With this UNK in London , and new faces about her there , she would soon be a more UNK , a wiser person , all the better for her stay out here . 
 I felt more cheerful , as if I had had a part in bringing her through to a greater tolerance of herself . 
 And I went back to my own cottage to live my own little patch of life . 
 It was UNK that evening , but the path to my house was so well UNK that I could feel my way , accustomed as I was to the dense UNK that rise from the UNK UNK of the river and sometimes last for days . 
 In the morning the fog was still thick so that to go to the village I crept along with my headlights full on . 
 I did notice a UNK of light from the big house through the woods but as I had left a light on in my own house because of the fog I assumed Mrs. Salter had done the same before she left for town . 
 I did my shopping , had my dentist appointment , and from there I went to the women's lunch at our parish church where we discussed plans for the annual Christmas bazaar , so that dusk was beginning to gather when I drove home in the late afternoon . 
 But the next day -- Sunday . 
 Why , when I drove down to church , didn't it speak to me , seeing the lights still on and the day crisp and clear ? ? 
 UNK brought to the dock accused of murder or accident say they cannot remember , and reading the accounts of their testimony you cannot believe that the mind can remove , absent itself , UNK . 
 When I came back from church at noon Mrs. UNK was turning into the Salter driveway . 
 Even at a car's length I could sense that something was wrong , and so I followed her up to the UNK in front of the house . 
 Dolly UNK was waiting there on the steps and she came running toward us . 
 `` She's nowhere , nowhere '' ! ! 
 She screamed , and both women ran up to the house , and I followed . 
 The search began , in all the rooms , running upstairs , down , opening UNK , talking , exclaiming in UNK and gasps . 
 Everything was as I had left it the night before last -- her UNK and bag for town , her UNK and dress and shoes laid out only her mink coat was missing . 
 And she . 
 Then the UNK began . 
 I , who until that day before had been Mrs. UNK friend , her equal , was the servant now . 
 It was Dolly and Mrs. UNK who were calling Via , everybody . 
 And when they spoke they spoke to each other and not to me . 
 And after I brought them sandwiches and coffee I had to go back to my place in the kitchen and wait . 
 Sitting in the kitchen I recalled every word Mrs. Salter said that could have been a sign to me . 
 `` If I am not to be Mrs. Salter then I am nothing '' . 
 Why didn't that alarm me then ? ? 
 And when she returned from taking her guests back to New York she had said , `` All they talked about was UNK UNK this , UNK that When they know the truth will they drop away from me , will I become a nothing '' ? ? 
 And then I remembered a few years before after their return from a short trip to Rome I had heard her boast , over and over again , `` On the boat people liked me for myself '' . 
 I had made a habit of calling her at night from my cottage , just to check . 
 The last night I had called , but the line was always busy and it reassured me . 
 I assumed it was one of those UNK conversations with Dolly or UNK , she comfortable in bed . 
 But it seemed not from what they were saying . 
 Then was it a final desperate plea from her , to whom ? ? 
 UNK on and on past any man's patience some final UNK of conclusion ? ? 
 She was found the day after at the bottom of the cliff . 
 I tried to believe that what must have happened was that , restless , disturbed by this telephone call or whatever , she walked out in the night , as she had a habit of doing . 
 Sometimes she took the path that winds up around my cottage to the walk at the edge of the cliff . 
 It's so romantic up there , she used to say , with the broad river gleaming in its UNK like an enormous dark mirror and all the sounds of the night , so poetic . 
 With all that warm rain and the fog it might have been as simple as a loosened rock , a UNK . 
 But I didn't really think it was as simple as that , nor did anyone else . 
 When a fisherman brought her up in his arms , still , small , as if she were a child asleep , I began to shudder with a terrible excitement , almost triumphant , that I still cannot account for . 
 Was it a hysterical release from the long strain of vigilance of those weeks ? ? 
 That at last the vigilance , the will gives way ? ? 
 Or what was it that , before Via , UNK , Walter and all , I began almost to dance with UNK and cry out , `` I knew she'd do it ! ! 
 I knew '' ! ! 
 Everyone stared at me and drew back . 
 Their eyes turned cold and accusing , even UNK . 
 And they have never changed . 
 At the same time that I thought I understood her at long last and UNK her , underneath this knowing had there burned UNK by my pity a fire of hate , an enduring envy that burst out in that ghastly UNK ? ? 
 Was that what had given way in me ? ? 
 Even now I am UNK at how little anyone knows of what they really are . 
 It is absurd of course to say that that one exclamation UNK me from the family I considered my very own , but there it hangs , a cooling void that broke our close connection with each other . 
 At the time I was filled with UNK at this separation , but in the years since I have come to understand that the sight of me was painful to them after that UNK . 
 In my person they would always remember that last long time of me alone with her , so if they told themselves that I could have prevented it , I can understand that by now and love them still , because everyone must justify , have a UNK for what is not to be borne . 
 It is not their avoidance that UNK ; ; 
 it is when I meet someone who was a close friend of the family , and therefore of mine , and they nod to me so coolly and walk away , that it UNK . 
 I could tell them , but no one ever asked , why I had cried out so triumphantly at the sight of her body . 
 No , I forget Mrs. UNK , who had been away visiting a married daughter when it happened . 
 She haunted me ; ; 
 she persisted in explaining how and why she had advised Mrs. Salter to return to the country . 
 `` We all feel guilty '' , I turned away from her coldly . 
 `` It was UNK fault . 
 She UNK her hand '' . 
 `` What do you mean '' ? ? 
 She frowned . 
 `` Why put such a high value on being top dog '' ? ? 
 I added . 
 It was coarse , almost insulting , this harsh appraisal , and she has never come to see me since . 
 But suppose she had not taken Mrs. UNK advice and lived on like thousands of women in towns , UNK of love , hanging on to UNK , and altogether and finally UNK . 
 If she chose , and in that final decision discarded , what , above all , all of us value , life itself , must she not have risen to her fullest height , and UNK her murky self , felt at last the passion of a great moral decision ? ? 
 If they say I could have stopped her it is because they are ignorant of her last weeks of self-examination , her search into herself and its conclusions . 
 Yes , I had cried out that I knew she'd do it , but without my fully realizing it at the time , it was a cry of triumph for her , praise at her UNK from UNK and UNK -- and guilt . 
 She was finally at rest in truth , of her own proud free choice . 
 At rest with my darling Ellen , the first Mrs. Salter . 
 Mr. Salter came home . 
 The funeral service was in the house , the Methodist minister , how clean and glistening his UNK and his neat body standing beside that coffin with that doll inside , a stranger speaking to strangers the old sacred words , and the rain drumming UNK in accompaniment , seven days of relentless rain that turned the ground to mud so the burial had to be postponed . 
 I waited . 
 Then Via called to say they had decided to UNK her -- as they had Ellen , the thought leaped to my mind -- and did I want to meet her at the funeral home the next morning . 
 The coffin stood on UNK in a corner of the long low dimly lit funeral parlor , on its dark shining surface the UNK of white roses I had ordered . 
 I knelt , just for decency I thought at the time , but found myself whispering , `` Our Father which Art in Heaven '' And it was only after that that something unlocked in me and I felt a grief . 
 Via was in the parking lot when I went outside . 
 Together we waited in her car until the UNK moved out and we followed it down into the heavy traffic of New Jersey . 
 By the time we arrived and entered the building sacred music was already swelling out into the UNK auditorium with its UNK symbols of religious UNK . 
 Again I felt impelled to kneel , and reached back and pulled Via down . 
 Something would come into her heart if nothing else the sounds of Bach would give her some healing . 
 `` I had a rather small place of my own . 
 A nice bachelor apartment in a place called the UNK Arms '' . 
 `` UNK '' , she said , hardly listening as she studied her left UNK . 
 `` And then I had another place farther downtown I used as a studio '' . 
 `` UNK '' . 
 `` I'm not a man who has many close intimate friends , Carla '' , he said , wanting her to know all about him . 
 `` Oh , I'd drink with newspaper people . 
 I think I was what you might call a UNK man , and yet it was when I was alone in my studio , doing my work , that I really felt alive . 
 But I think a man needs at least one intimate friend to communicate with '' . 
 UNK , he waited for her to turn , to ask a question . 
 She showed no interest at all in the life he had led back home , and it hurt him a little . 
 `` Well , what about you , Carla '' ? ? 
 `` Me '' ? ? 
 She asked , turning slowly . 
 `` What about me '' ? ? 
 `` Did you make friends easily '' ? ? 
 `` UNK , UNK '' . 
 `` Somehow I imagine that as you grew up you were alone a lot . 
 How about it '' ? ? 
 `` I guess so '' , she said taking a UNK from her purse . 
 When she had wiped some of the UNK from her mouth , she stared solemnly at her image in the mirror . 
 `` Are your people still alive '' ? ? 
 He asked , trying to touch a part of her life UNK hadn't discussed ; ; 
 so he could have something of her for himself . 
 `` You talk so well , Carla '' , he went on . 
 `` You seem to have read so much , you have a natural gift for words '' , he added , trying to UNK her vanity . 
 `` You must have been good at history at school . 
 Where did you go to school '' ? ? 
 `` What is this '' ? ? 
 She asked , turning suddenly . 
 `` Don't you know all about me by this time ? ? 
 My name's Carla UNK . 
 This is my town . 
 I sleep with you . 
 You know something more about me every day , don't you ? ? 
 Would you be happier if I made up some stories about my life , told you some lies ? ? 
 Why are you trying to worry me '' ? ? 
 `` I'm not trying to worry you '' . 
 `` Well , all right then '' . 
 The cleansing tissues she had been using had been falling on the floor , and he got up and picked up one , then another , hoping she would notice what he was doing . 
 At home he had been a clean orderly man , and now he had to hide his annoyance . 
 Was she just naturally UNK about everything but her physical appearance ? ? 
 He wondered . 
 Would he have to clean up after her every day , clean the kitchen , the bathroom , and get down on his knees and scrub the kitchen floor , then hang up her dresses , pick up her stockings , make the bed while she lay around ? ? 
 He straightened up , ready to vent his exasperation , then grew afraid . 
 If he UNK on the UNK he suffered he would lose all respect for her , and without the respect he might lose his view of her , too . 
 `` What's the matter '' ? ? 
 She asked suddenly . 
 `` Nothing . 
 Nothing at all '' , he said quietly . 
 `` Let's go out '' . 
 `` Are those the only shoes you have , Sam '' ? ? 
 `` What's the matter with them '' ? ? 
 `` The heavy thick soles . 
 Look at them '' . 
 `` They're an expensive English shoe for walking around a lot . 
 I like them '' . 
 `` Sam , no one around here wears such heavy soles . 
 Can't you get another pair '' ? ? 
 `` Maybe I could '' , he said , surprised that she could turn from herself and notice anything about him . 
 `` I'll get an elegant pair of UNK Italian shoes tomorrow , Carla '' . 
 `` And I don't know why you want to go on wearing that outfit '' , she said , making a face . 
 `` What's the matter with it '' ? ? 
 He had put on the gray jacket and the UNK slacks and the UNK shirt he had worn that first night in Rome when he had encountered her on the street . 
 `` Oh , Sam . 
 You look like a UNK Englishman . 
 Can't you wear something else and look a little more as though you belonged '' ? ? 
 `` I don't mind at all '' , he said , delighted with her attention . 
 Changing his clothes , he put on his UNK flannel suit , and laid away the gray jacket with the feeling that he might be putting it aside for good . 
 But it was a hopeful sign , he told himself . 
 She no longer wanted anything about him to remind her of the circumstances of their meeting that first night in UNK . 
 That day they UNK around , just getting the feel of the city . 
 They looked at the ruins of the old Roman wall on the lower Via UNK , then they went to the UNK Gardens . 
 She had some amusing scandal about the UNK in the old days . 
 Then they took a taxi to UNK . 
 `` There's a church you should see '' , she said . 
 And when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face , not letting on he had been there with UNK . 
 He let her tell him all about the church . 
 Then they had dinner . 
 All evening she was eloquent and pleased with herself . 
 When they got home at midnight she was tired out . 
 And in the morning when he woke up at ten the church bells were ringing . 
 He had never heard so many bells , and as he lay there listening , he thought of her UNK him for his remarks when he had looked up at the obelisk and the church at the top of the Spanish Steps . 
 It was a good thing that she clung to her religion , he thought . 
 She might like to take him to St. Peter's . 
 `` Carla , wake up '' , he said shaking her . 
 `` It's ten o'clock . 
 Aren't you going out to mass ? ? 
 You could take me to St. Peter's '' . 
 `` UNK '' , she muttered . 
 `` Come on , you'll be late '' . 
 `` I think I'll sleep in this morning '' , she said UNK , and as she snuggled against him , he wondered if she ever went to church . 
 Why did he want her to go to church ? ? 
 He wondered Probably because it was a place where she might get a feeling of certainty and security . 
 It would be good for her . 
 It was too bad he had no feeling himself for church . 
 Not his poor mother's fault . 
 She would have been better off if she had stuck to her Bible . 
 As for himself , he just didn't have the temperament for it . 
 From the time he had been at college he had achieved a certain UNK and composure by accepting the fact that there were certain things he could never know . 
 Then he thought of those Old Testament figures on the ceiling of the UNK Chapel . 
 Just figures out of a tribal folklore . 
 Could he honestly believe it would be good for Carla to have those old prophets gripping her imagination now ? ? 
 Being a woman though , she would take only what she needed from church . 
 It was too bad he wasn't a Catholic himself . 
 Or a Protestant , or one of those amusing dogmatic UNK , or a strict orthodox Communist . 
 What was the matter with him that they all UNK him ? ? 
 It was the times , he was sure . 
 All the UNK changing from day to day , right under his eyes , so how could a man look to any one of them for an UNK of his freedom ? ? 
 It was all too UNK . 
 Look somewhere else . 
 But where ? ? 
 Just the same , he thought , UNK over it , it would be a good thing for a girl like Carla if she got up and went to church . 
 A half hour later he got her up to go out for breakfast so the UNK , hearing them hurrying down the stairs , would think they were going to a late mass . 
 It seemed to him that if the UNK felt sure of them , could place them , it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla . 
 `` Since we're having coffee with them this afternoon '' , he said , `` I think I'll ask the daughter if we can pay her to come in every day to clean for us '' . 
 And he waited for her to say , `` Oh , no , I can do it , Sam . 
 There's so little to do '' . 
 `` Why not '' ? ? 
 She said . 
 `` I'm not good at that kind of thing '' . 
 `` This afternoon let's take an air with them . 
 Let's be fine superior people of great dignity '' , he said as if he were UNK . 
 `` If you find it necessary , Sam , go ahead '' , she said , turning on the UNK . 
 `` I am what I am . 
 I can't help it '' . 
 Her words remained with him , worrying him for hours . 
 He didn't know how she would behave with other people . 
 When they walked into the UNK apartment , the old lady , UNK and smiling , said softly . 
 `` UNK , '' and put out her hand . 
 Her little brown face wrinkled up , her brown eyes gleamed , and with her little gestures she said all the courteous things . 
 Agnese , smiling too , said , `` UNK '' , and then more slowly , `` I am happy '' . 
 And they sat down and began their little coffee party . 
 The UNK offered them biscuits with the coffee . 
 Acting only as interpreter Carla , her hands folded on her lap , was utterly impersonal . 
 She would turn to them , then turn to him , then turn again . 
 UNK her , he felt like a spectator at a tennis game , with the ball being bounced back and forth . 
 UNK UNK , UNK her head UNK , asked Sam about Canada , having a special interest . 
 Carla translated . 
 The old woman had a nephew from North Italy , a poor boy from a lumber mill who had got tired of the seasonal unemployment , and who had UNK to Canada to work on the railway . 
 For a year the boy had lived in the bush in a boxcar . 
 Did many of Sam's countrymen live in UNK in the bush ? ? 
 Had Sam ever lived in a boxcar ? ? 
 She wanted to know . 
 UNK Sam explained that he had no experience with UNK . 
 Just the same , the old woman said , she would write to her nephew in his boxcar and tell him she had met a nice man from his adopted country . 
 And Sam thanked her , and hoped he might meet her nephew back home , and asked her if she had any further news of the Pope . 
 A very great Pope , this one , the old woman explained , her black eyes sparkling . 
 An intellectual . 
 But very mystical too . 
 It was said that he had had a vision . 
 Just as thousands that day in Portugal had seen the sun dancing in the sky , he had seen the same thing later in his own garden , and she turned to Agnese for confirmation . 
 Agnese had been sitting quietly , listening with the serenity of the unaware . 
 Now a little flush came on her pale homely face and UNK in her eyes . 
 The Holy Father would die soon , she said to Carla , so she could translate for Sam , although he had a brilliant doctor , a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world . 
 Yes , the Pope could die and quickly be made a saint . 
 No , he was indeed a saint now . 
 UNK UNK and swelling with importance , the old lady whispered confidentially . 
 There was a certain discontent among the UNK . 
 The Pope , in the splendor of his great intellect , had neglected them a little . 
 There would be changes made , and UNK Raymond should understand that when the Pope died it was like the end of a regime in Rome . 
 UNK would be lost and new faces would become prominent . 
 Did UNK Raymond understand ? ? 
 Indeed he did , Sam said solemnly , trying to get UNK eye . 
 Surely she could see that these women were her Italians , too , he thought . 
 UNK , orthodox and plain like a family she might meet in Brooklyn or UNK or Ireland . 
 But UNK eyes were on Agnese whose glowing face and softening eyes gave her a look of warmth and happiness . 
 And Carla , watching in wonder , turned to Sam . 
 `` It means so much to her . 
 It's like a flame , I guess '' , she said in a dreamy tone . 
 But one night UNK moved in the direction of the women's lodge , where UNK of Night had gone to UNK herself . 
 With the blue flesh of night touching him he stood under a gentle hill caressing the UNK with his lips , making it whisper . 
 He saw her emerge suddenly , coming in her UNK fashion , her back stiff , her head erect , facing with contempt the night and whatever she would encounter , as if in her extreme UNK and indifference she would pass by all the outraged looks of those whom she might approach . 
 In her dark , scornful fashion she proceeded to her destination , afraid of nothing , not even the evil spirits which kept her company in her time of bleeding . 
 Seeing her come , he caught his breath , feeling his heart bounce in him , and turned away , afraid now . 
 Even he , wanting her , afraid of her and not knowing how to press his suit , feared the evil UNK in her UNK more . 
 His breath caught , and , trembling , he closed his eyes and stumbled off . 
 Going , he saw as often before some queer , hideous yellow face over his head , shining and weird like the old images which had invested him at other times like those that appear sometimes near the UNK when they are perhaps pressed by the UNK . 
 He cried out to her , his back turned . 
 Then he fled , not waiting to see if she UNK him or took notice of his cry . 
 But she heard him go . 
 Yet she did not hesitate and only turned slightly , her neck tall as she looked in his direction , and continued on her way toward the end of the camp . 
 UNK others heard and stopped and waited , the women peering from their UNK then gathering in small , curious clusters . 
 Early Spring came from her bed , from beside her UNK husband , Walitzee , and stood at the entrance way to her lodge hearing the mild commotion , the sound of UNK voices . 
 Standing there she saw UNK of Night come through the trees and stop beside the lodge , silent , almost UNK , her body taut , simply standing without speaking or moving while the wife of Walitzee waited , perhaps denying the dread that moved in her . 
 When at last she could suffer the insult no longer , nor face the girl's scorn , she said in a voice UNK : 
 `` I shall call your father ! ! 
 Go back where you can bring no harm , or I will go and get the old man from his bed so he can see your shame '' ! ! 
 But the girl said only , `` Tell him I am here , that I have come '' . 
 And it was not Pile of Clouds she meant . 
 But now with real anger at last , something proud and indignant , Early Spring stood like a she wolf before her UNK and cried , `` I will not shriek at you ! ! 
 I will tell you to go , not begging . 
 UNK you '' ! ! 
 And UNK the knife she used for UNK hides she stepped away from the lodge , holding the knife at her side . 
 `` You bring only UNK '' , she said and it was not to a child any longer but to another woman who had come to skirt her lodge with the cunning hunger of a wild animal . 
 Speaking in a low voice of UNK she went up to the girl , who stood with the same upright , scornful bearing and did not even look at the knife . 
 `` Go take UNK , your evil spirit , to the young boys '' , the woman said . 
 `` They do not have to face battle . 
 I will not let your evil in . 
 I will simply kill you first . 
 Now go '' ! ! 
 The other women had come close now , their voices murmuring together until they stood buzzing in an angry knot , their threats UNK , rising , nagging at each other , each trying to make her indignation and anger felt . 
 They picked up sticks and hurled them at the girl . 
 The sticks fell like a shower around her and she felt them sting her flesh and send tiny points of pain along her thighs . 
 They were all shouting at her as if she were the embodiment of the evil she brought . 
 But she did not move , taking the words and the sticks in that old defiance of her extreme youth until suddenly Pile of Clouds came UNK among them , swinging a great UNK whip . 
 `` Go back to your UNK '' ! ! 
 He shouted . 
 `` A pack of dogs makes less noise '' ! ! 
 He made the long whip sing and snap around their heads so that they ran screaming , some UNK over themselves in their flight . 
 And Early Spring seized the whip and said : 
 `` If you must UNK someone , let it be her , your daughter . 
 Drive the demons out of her and teach her to stay away from my husband '' ! ! 
 But the old man turned on her , UNK the whip from her hand . 
 `` Get into your UNK '' ! ! 
 He spat . 
 `` Go back to that UNK man of yours who so UNK his fine body among the young women . 
 Keep him back , if you must tell me what to do . 
 I will be the one to confront my daughter , not the wife of him who leads her to sin '' ! ! 
 She retreated before the naked shame in the old man and the fury beyond it and sank into the darkness of her lodge where Walitzee stirred , UNK , sitting up in a half stupor to say : 
 `` What UNK thing happens ? ? 
 I thought I dreamed of wolves fighting '' . 
 But she went to him and pressed herself against his UNK , smelling the stale odor of the whisky he had stolen from UNK . 
 She said , `` There is nothing that concerns you here . 
 UNK back and go to sleep . 
 But do not dream . 
 Do not let the wicked spirits enter your brain '' . 
 He sank back , UNK , and was soon asleep again . 
 Outside , the old man , beyond all the UNK of the spirits his daughter bore , went to her and twisted the UNK UNK of his fingers in her hair and turned her and pushed her UNK ahead of him into the trees where the moon sent out a thousand arms . 
 And , shoving her against a UNK , her back to him , he retreated with the whip and made it whine and crack in the damp air , UNK its arc until it narrowed to her flesh and the sound of it snarled and cracked , settling its own cruel demons on her shoulders while she stood as unchanged , as dark and motionless as ever , her eyes open and staring at the pale UNK of the bark so close to her face . 
 She said to him , her father , `` How was I begotten , in pain or joy ? ? 
 Is it for me to be forbidden the flesh you made grow on me ? ? 
 They all know your foolish name '' ! ! 
 She stared at the pale UNK on the tree , hearing her breath UNK from it , her face close and touching at time the rough edges of the bark . 
 She felt the lash bite and heard her father say in UNK UNK words which had no meaning , like , `` UNK ! ! 
 UNK '' ! ! 
 The sounds of an animal in rage and despair . 
 Suddenly the lash stopped fighting the air and she heard Pile of Clouds say in his high , UNK voice : 
 `` Did you follow me to see my shame ? ? 
 UNK from the line or I will settle the whip on you . 
 UNK ! ! 
 Do you hear the anger of the UNK whine '' ? ? 
 Turning , the girl saw UNK standing between , his narrow shoulders UNK , his arms hanging long and resigned . 
 He said , `` Let me take her blows , for there are demons in me too '' . 
 Then , without knowing why , she found herself running from them , fleeing wildly through the trees , UNK her own shadows until she came to a little hollow in the rocky ground with a big stone in the center behind which she knelt and hid , listening to the UNK of her heart and wanting for once to cry . 
 For a while the young men waited outside the lodge of UNK , UNK in his harsh language as he talked with himself . 
 He shouted like a hoarse old UNK , his hair stiff and UNK . 
 He UNK and prophesied the UNK of his enemies , walking in circles in and out of his living place , drinking stolen whisky in great , gasping UNK until finally , incoherent and sick , he fell into his own UNK . 
 He amused the young men who had been silent long enough . 
 But they could taste the UNK of violence and retribution through his antics . 
 Now they moved , rubbing their flesh alive again , UNK the gloom they saw in the faces around them . 
 They came out and held their games and races . 
 It was they who held the future in their hands . 
 They went into the sun together and UNK UNK in their war clothes , painting their faces with the sacred UNK dug far off in the cave of UNK . 
 They danced the UNK wildly at night , the war dance , and UNK their UNK in the UNK of rattlesnakes and rode their horses in swift maneuvers , firing their few guns in UNK at some UNK signal . 
 Walitzee was among them , and UNK , and they wore red blankets which flew like broad wings in the air of their passing . 
 And a very young one , UNK UNK , tried to UNK them and followed UNK . 
 UNK UNK was there , nephew of the young chief by an older brother long dead , in whom also the UNK UNK of youth worked . 
 He would spring bolt upright suddenly after sitting quietly with inaction , because something had boiled over in his UNK UNK . 
 All the young men , UNK among them , challenged them in matched racing . 
 They raced and UNK for war , swinging their horses in single file and then abreast like cavalry . 
 At times they would ride UNK through the camp , letting the women see their courage , how handsome they were in their UNK . 
 Then again they would stand in circles making other preparations . 
 They combed their hair and streaked it at the part and UNK the bangs so that the hair above their UNK stood rigid like the tails of UNK UNK making love . 
 Walitzee UNK his UNK with clay , knowing the girl watched from her place in the trees . 
 He saw himself in a superior reflection , and he was as a speeding arrow from the taut bow , hurtling with a mad grace , his UNK shining and scented with meadow UNK . 
 He was always aware of the women's eyes which followed him , admiring him . 
 And the suspicious , UNK eyes of Pile of Clouds . 
 And those of Early Spring , haunted and now full of hurt and envy . 
 He felt so much like laughing ; ; 
 even like shouting and crying out from the UNK from which he could descend as an eagle in a mad UNK from the UNK . 
 He and UNK planned a great parade with the young men . 
 They would give one final testimony of their challenge to let the people see their UNK . 
 They would ride with streaming UNK , their colors UNK in the sun , shouting the last UNK of a nation in the UNK of death . 
 And so the sun came up again and for a moment its color was the young men's blood , shifting then into the full heat and UNK which ran with their hearts . 
 They mounted their horses and rode off into the hills . 
 The , 
 young chief stared at the wall of his lodge , , listening . 
 The sound rose on the other side of the hills , vanished and rose again and he could imagine the mad , UNK hoofs of the UNK , horses the white men once had called the UNK of Hell . 
 He saw them in fleet images as they came rolling and now burst across the ridge . 
 Standing then with the others , peering into the sun , he saw the bright , UNK UNK , their hair flying like dark UNK , only the thunder , the roll of drums , the mad UNK of the hoofs accompanying them . 
 They leaned into the wind and seemed like one UNK monster hurtling and UNK until suddenly they rose straight in their UNK and in one terrifying voice shouted , UNK their grotesque cry of war . 
 She was moving through a screen of UNK , in among the white UNK and UNK . 
 The sounds from the quarry began to pulse in her ears . 
 She stood , once more listening . 
 She had never been here at this hour . 
 She felt as if some dark , totally unfamiliar shape would clutch at her arm ; ; 
 but she found the path she always used , the UNK of branches she had broken , those she had pushed aside ; ; 
 and she walked easily now , and more slowly , until she could see the dark glisten of water beneath her . 
 If I ever committed suicide , she thought , I would dive straight down from here -- and no one would find me for days . 
 She smiled , and UNK let herself downward , holding this known root or that , her UNK sliding in the leaves . 
 She jumped out onto the flat expanse of rock and , seating herself , shook her UNK brown hair and tilted her chin far upward . 
 The UNK music of the UNK had faded , but presently it began again , growing in volume until it was vibrant . 
 Julia felt at peace and drew her legs up and UNK her hands tightly around the bent knees . 
 She had accomplished a miracle . 
 This was her place . 
 The hour couldn't change it . 
 Only -- only -- her thoughts were a little strange . 
 They were becoming confused . 
 Perhaps it was because it was so late , and because she had no business to be here now . 
 She was thinking of Paul a few weeks ago , in the Easter holidays , with her at one of those awful Friday Evening UNK Class parties her mother had made her attend . 
 `` Hello , Julie , how are you '' ? ? 
 And then off he went so casually , to someone else with breasts better developed , more obvious in a UNK dress , someone without a UNK of wire bands and an inability to find words that would hold him . 
 I wish he was with me now , she thought , and that we were both the ages we are and doing what was once only pretense and acute embarrassment . 
 Oh God ! ! 
 I wish I were older or younger , Julia UNK thought . 
 I wish so much someone loved me . 
 George Rawlings remembered seeing the door open sometime during the night -- Millie , in a white robe , standing like a ghost at the threshold . 
 She had vanished ; ; 
 he must have slept again . 
 He was staring at the blue china lamp left on beside him . 
 It seemed too much trouble even to reach for the switch ; ; 
 but of course the impossible effort of leaving would have to be made on this Monday morning . 
 This room was like a prison . 
 He would not be indebted to Sam ! ! 
 Below him , as if at the end of some remote tunnel , he heard the humming of a vacuum cleaner . 
 His fingers fumbled across the UNK . 
 They had left both of his eyes uncovered . 
 Well , he told himself , let's put the show on the road . 
 He was walking across to the bathroom . 
 He drank a glass of water and gripped the sink with both hands . 
 A fearful pain had come from his head , as if the water were UNK up through the blood vessels and expanding them . 
 He recognized his jacket and trousers . 
 The fabric was dark ; ; 
 the stains weren't too apparent ; ; 
 and there were his shoes , thank God , but his shirt was one terrible mess . 
 He shivered , and then tore away the UNK parts and wound the rest around his neck like a scarf . 
 Sam would be amazed to find him gone . 
 Millie would have to understand . 
 She must have put his clothes in the closet . 
 He found a lump rising in his throat because of that one simple act of UNK . 
 He was on the UNK of tears . 
 Alex UNK -- in a fashion he owed a debt to that UNK gentleman . 
 At least Alex had told him he wasn't dying . 
 Perhaps George Rawlings would be better off dead . 
 What time was it ? ? 
 He peered at his UNK . 
 Strange , it was still running . 
 A quarter to seven . 
 Too early for a vacuum cleaner , but probably Sam wanted the whole house in order before he came downstairs . 
 He was kneeling to tie his UNK . 
 His fingers felt UNK thick and clumsy . 
 He rose slowly and looked into the mirror on the inside of the closet door . 
 He barely knew himself . 
 This was some freak , two UNK of adhesive tape across his nose , like ugly roots from the mass of UNK , suddenly moist over his cheekbones . 
 The surface , however , was perfectly white . 
 He was drinking another glass of water . 
 It was after seven o'clock . 
 He was supposed to be in court this afternoon , at City Hall . 
 Who would take over ? ? 
 He'd have to think , but the main thing , the imperative necessity , was to leave before Sam UNK was up and about , and before Millie UNK him with sympathy . 
 He entered the hallway . 
 He was actually walking down the stairs . 
 A plane up in the sky , above the clouds , and this UNK wreck of a man desperately trying to get away . 
 `` Father , is that you '' ? ? 
 The voice issued from the UNK of the hall below . 
 George did not reply . 
 `` Is that you , Father ? ? 
 Who's there '' ? ? 
 For a moment he felt like a thief discovered . 
 Then Julia appeared under the arch leading to the dining room . 
 She stood gazing at him . 
 `` Uncle George '' ! ! 
 He was trying to smile at her . 
 `` UNK ! ! 
 You shouldn't be up , should you '' ? ? 
 `` I -- I was just leaving here , Julie . 
 I'm all set . 
 Just about to call a taxi '' . 
 She was wearing some sort of gray UNK . 
 She seemed overly tall , her brow knitted in concern . 
 `` Well , at least you won't have to do that '' , she was saying . 
 `` I'm about to leave myself . 
 I'll drop you off '' . 
 `` You're leaving '' ? ? 
 `` I'm going back to school '' , she answered . 
 `` UNK driving me . 
 I'm just finishing breakfast . 
 But have you told Mother you were going '' ? ? 
 She asked him . 
 `` No . 
 I just don't want anyone disturbed , Julie . 
 That's my wish . 
 It's quite a big one '' , he added . 
 Her face seemed to UNK in an UNK bright shaft of sunlight . 
 `` Well , won't you come in then , have a cup of coffee -- or something ? ? 
 Or maybe a drink '' ? ? 
 She asked , in a way that seemed oddly sophisticated , considerate , and yet perhaps partly scornful . 
 He tried to see her face more clearly . 
 `` No -- nothing at all '' , he said after a moment's hesitation . 
 `` I'll just wait for you here '' . 
 He leaned his head against the wood paneling behind him , but the vivid red images of pain inserted themselves against his eyelids . 
 He raised them . 
 Julia moved past . 
 `` I have to say good-bye upstairs . 
 I won't be long '' . 
 `` As a great favor , Julie '' , he said , `` please don't mention you've seen me '' . 
 `` Not to anyone '' ? ? 
 `` No -- please . 
 `` I'll call your mother as soon as I get home . 
 It'll be so much easier '' . 
 `` All right '' She was staring at him . 
 `` I'm fine , Julie . 
 Please , you just go ahead '' . 
 She had disappeared . 
 He could feel a pulse pounding against the UNK . 
 He imagined Sam's voice : `` George , what the hell goes on '' ? ? 
 I wouldn't have the strength to answer , he thought . 
 Maybe I couldn't have called a taxi . 
 He could hear the footsteps overhead . 
 He saw the suitcase , which Julia was holding . 
 He stood up . 
 `` I'll take that , Julie -- for you '' . 
 `` Oh no '' , she said . 
 `` I can manage '' . 
 She went ahead of him . 
 Outside the Lincoln was parked . 
 He could hardly believe he was getting in . 
 UNK was gazing at him in an UNK , UNK fashion ; ; 
 but that didn't matter . 
 We'll drop Mr. Rawlings off in UNK '' , Julia said , and for the UNK second George was reminded of her father's tone with servants . 
 To the manner born -- odd to have such a thought at a time like this ; ; 
 yet her UNK seemed forced or rehearsed . 
 He could not stop to analyze . 
 He had never felt particularly close to her . 
 UNK seemed more affectionate , but obviously Julia had respected his request . 
 He took her hand . 
 `` I wish I didn't have to go back to school '' , she said , and then , `` I wish you lived in New York . 
 That's in the opposite direction '' . 
 `` I wish I did '' , he responded . 
 `` I wish I wasn't wearing this ridiculous costume , and that we could go to a theater together , or a nice restaurant , forget we knew '' He stopped speaking . 
 `` UNK we ever knew what '' ? ? 
 `` Oh , just sort of everything in general '' . 
 She said nothing until UNK had UNK their pace . 
 `` I know you feel badly , but that sounds like such a queer thing for you to say '' . 
 `` Does it '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 `` Yes , perhaps . 
 I'm supposed to joke about things , aren't I ? ? 
 But sometimes life can be rather a disappointing business '' . 
 His voice seemed thick and UNK . 
 He relinquished her hand . 
 He could see the stone building where he lived . 
 Just a few more steps . 
 UNK he reached into his pocket . 
 Yes , there was the key . 
 `` Are you positive you'll be all right by yourself '' ? ? 
 She asked him . 
 For a moment he smiled . 
 `` Yes , Julie dear . 
 You've done me the greatest possible service . 
 By myself I'll be fine '' . 
 `` Take care of yourself then '' . 
 `` I will . 
 You , also . 
 Don't work too hard '' . 
 It was an automatic phrase ; ; 
 as he crossed through the courtyard he regretted it . 
 He should have discovered a more tender farewell . 
 Someone shouted at him , `` Well ! ! 
 Will you look at George Rawlings ! ! 
 What happened to you '' ? ? 
 `` I UNK into a door handle '' , George said . 
 Someone laughed . 
 George walked steadily ahead into his entry . 
 His UNK seemed on fire . 
 He had shut his door with the brass number screwed to it . 
 In the UNK the raw whiskey made him UNK . 
 Just one or two UNK , he told himself , enough to lessen some of the pain . 
 He was UNK . 
 `` No , Millie , I'm home . 
 No , really , right as rain . 
 Tell Sam not to worry about the car . 
 I'll get it hauled away . 
 No , please -- no visit today -- I'll be asleep . 
 For God's sake , don't worry . 
 That UNK me more than anything . 
 Yes , sure , I'll see the doctor -- this evening , if you insist . 
 '' 
 There was one more call to make . 
 `` Joan , did I wake you '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 `` Yes , I thought you'd probably be up . 
 Look , sweetheart , some fool was . 
 UNK to be driving somewhat UNK last night . 
 Unfortunately it turned out to be me , but I wouldn't quite put it that way to the boss . 
 Oh hell no , I'm not in a hospital . 
 I won't be in town for a couple of days , though , and there's that case I was supposed to handle this afternoon . 
 Too bad a jury isn't involved . 
 I might struggle in for a jury . 
 I'd win hands down . 
 But I thought maybe Tony Elliott could UNK for me . 
 He'll understand -- you might give him sort of a UNK UNK . 
 He's got all the facts . 
 I wouldn't want to ask for a UNK -- it's really just a routine thing . 
 What ? ? 
 No , darling I'd rather you didn't come out '' . 
 A smile pulled at the lower strip of adhesive tape . 
 `` Don't even send flowers . 
 I'll see you Wednesday . 
 I'll UNK you with a nice '' -- He was about to say `` double UNK '' but thought better of it . 
 `` I'll take you out to dinner . 
 Okay ? ? 
 '' 
 He had put down the receiver . 
 A strange relationship between Joan UNK and himself . 
 Who knew about it ? ? 
 She lived alone in the older part of the city , in one of those UNK houses whose brick facade some early UNK had constructed . 
 She had two tiny rooms on the second floor . 
 She was a clever girl , a most efficient secretary . 
 She let him come and go as he pleased , or as it pleased her . 
 In the office you might have thought them only casual friends ; ; 
 yet if he said : Make an excuse yourself , come out here today , she would have been on the next train -- and , similarly , if she had been in need , he would have gone to her . 
 `` They make us UNK look good '' . 
 `` That's a peculiar way to think '' . 
 It wasn't just the obnoxious birds that had UNK her own feathers , of course ; ; 
 she knew that . 
 It was Jim's `` little '' sister Myra , the unreliable , irresponsible , forever UNK , Myra . 
 She's a year older than I am , Lucy told herself . 
 `` Come , come '' , Jim said , UNK Lucy a little . 
 `` I love you . 
 Susan ready '' ? ? 
 Lucy listened . 
 Obviously , Susan was not . 
 UNK , busy feet , UNK like UNK , UNK around her room . 
 Susan would be visiting her grandmother for only a few days , but even at seven she was a UNK soul ; ; 
 she always packed for a lifetime , just in case . 
 `` Not yet . 
 Every doll in the house must be going with her '' . 
 `` She'd better step on it . 
 It's a long way to UNK '' . 
 Jim's fine young face was an expressive one , too ; ; 
 as he looked at her , it registered anxiety . 
 `` You know '' , he said . 
 `` Myra wanted me to thank you for taking Cathy . 
 It'll be only a couple of weeks before she finds a home for them in Paris -- but even so , she wants you to know that she's awfully grateful '' . 
 Lucy did not believe him ; ; 
 Myra appreciated nothing . 
 Jim had put the thanks in his UNK mouth . 
 `` Darling '' -- she said , and the single word mingled love and exasperation in an equal blend . 
 `` She should have told me herself . 
 And will it be only a couple of weeks ? ? 
 Remember what happened the last time '' ? ? 
 Leaving Cathy with them , Myra had gone out to the Coast for a supposedly brief visit ; ; 
 but she had stayed all winter , and Cathy had stayed all winter too -- with them . 
 Lucy suspected that Myra would never have come home if UNK , Myra's husband , hadn't gone out to fetch her . 
 `` That was an awfully long two weeks '' . 
 For an otherwise silent moment , Jim's keys UNK UNK in his pocket . 
 `` But she promised -- This will be different '' , he said at last . 
 `` You've got to admit she was smart to UNK up this fine government job over there -- she'll get a home for herself and Cathy in no time . 
 You'll see , Myra's settling down '' . 
 On the defensive , he added , `` I wish you'd think what it must be like for her to be without Greg , to be a new widow , a young widow '' . 
 `` It depends on the widow '' . 
 Lucy had an idea that Myra loved it . 
 And not for one moment did she believe that Myra had settled down . 
 It seemed to Lucy that all their married life , she and Jim had been doing nothing but rescue his sister from the constant crises that were her way of life . 
 UNK that succession of disasters , she now considered Cathy , an ominous UNK on her horizon . 
 It was not that she disliked Cathy . 
 The youngster drew her , troubled her depths ; ; 
 whenever Lucy saw her , she tried , without noise or UNK , to give her the warmth she had never had from Myra . 
 But Cathy was Myra's responsibility , not hers . 
 `` I wouldn't even be surprised '' , she said unhappily , `` if Myra tried to leave her with us forever '' . 
 Myra loved big cities ; ; 
 thousands of miles away -- in Paris , of all places -- she might forget she had ever been a mother . 
 Lucy knew her too well to find it impossible . 
 `` That's a horrible thing to accuse her of '' ! ! 
 Jim was so indignant it was obvious that no matter what he said , he too had seen the looming UNK of a UNK . 
 He went to the foot of the stairs and shouted up , fiercely , `` Susan ! ! 
 Susan ! ! 
 Get moving '' ! ! 
 A startled piping sound returned . 
 `` Don't yell at Susan '' , Lucy said . 
 Was it only a few nights ago that they had been standing together in front of the house looking at the UNK river ? ? 
 Their arms around each other , they had been talking of the present and the future ; ; 
 their talk and their feeling had been as deep and warm , as steeped in light , as the air around them . 
 Then , from within the still , sleeping house , the telephone had UNK ; ; 
 Myra , with her news , was on the other end of the line . 
 Jim turned back from the stairway and looked at her . 
 His dark brows , which had been lowered in anger , smoothed . 
 `` Please '' , he said . 
 `` There isn't a chance of Myra's letting anything like that happen . 
 Let's stay friends '' . 
 But they weren't just friends , Lucy thought ; ; 
 they were husband and wife , and Myra had no right UNK and chilling their marriage . 
 The only thing that had ever come between them was that UNK , selfish sister of his . 
 Lucy was sick of it . 
 `` Well , at last '' , she said , because Susan was UNK down the stairs . 
 Susan looked like an UNK baby nurse ; ; 
 her arms were straining with a burden of dolls . 
 `` I'm ready '' , she announced . 
 `` Do you need that big bundle '' ? ? 
 Jim said . 
 His voice had sharp edges , as though he knew very well Lucy and he were not friends at the moment . 
 `` All that junk '' ? ? 
 Susan stared at him with hurt blue eyes that gushed an instant grief ; ; 
 to her , each of her dolls was a real person with a living heart . 
 `` Now , now '' , Lucy said , approaching Susan with a handkerchief , UNK skillfully . 
 `` Your father didn't mean it , Susan '' . 
 She gave Jim a quick , UNK look of warning . 
 `` She'll take every one of them '' . 
 Jim UNK , but he lifted UNK suitcase and said , in a UNK tone , `` Sure -- the entire thousand . 
 And when you get back from UNK , Cathy will be here to play with you . 
 Nice '' ? ? 
 `` No '' , Susan said , grappling with her UNK UNK of dolls with a UNK effect . 
 And at this point , Lucy thought , there should be a lecture on little UNK sharing dolls -- but she could sympathize with Susan ; ; 
 there ought to be a limit to sharing , too . 
 That was one more reason she didn't look forward to UNK visit , short or long ; ; 
 the last one had been a UNK war . 
 She suspected that Cathy had been competing with Susan for attention that she had never had . 
 `` Well '' , Jim said , out of the silence , `` let's get going , dolls and all '' . 
 When the car , with UNK hands waving wildly from the rear window , disappeared down the driveway , Lucy stood looking after its pale dust . 
 The day was brilliant around her -- UNK , crisp with breeze -- yet her inner turmoil darkened it . 
 She had let Jim go with a chilly UNK , a UNK kiss . 
 She was sorry , and angry at herself , because never in their life together had she done that . 
 She turned and began to walk toward the house . 
 At the feeding station , the UNK group of UNK again UNK and UNK over the ground , but now , gorgeous among them , was a beautiful red cardinal , radiant in its feathered UNK . 
 The handsome bird was solitary ; ; 
 its mate must be at home , silently guarding their nest . 
 She had better stay there , Lucy thought ; ; 
 the sly female UNK took instant advantage of UNK without UNK . 
 Well , Lucy ? ? 
 She said to herself , abandoning the UNK and the UNK . 
 She had a day of things to do ; ; 
 among them , she had to prepare the guest room . 
 How long would it be occupied ? ? 
 She wondered , with a baffled feeling of helplessness . 
 As long as the unscrupulous Myra chose ? ? 
 For a moment , her mind returned again to the strange , flying world of birds , and she said to herself . 
 It isn't only birds that dump their children in other people's UNK . 
 In the sunshine of late afternoon , Lucy stood looking at the ready guest room . 
 There were new yellow curtains , bright as a child's life ought to be , a new UNK , lively with hopping rabbits , and hanging from the ceiling was an airy Mother UNK Mobile , spinning slowly in the breeze . 
 A row of little UNK waited for a child's clothes in the neatly empty closet ; ; 
 since Myra had always put most of Greg's money on her own back , Lucy suspected that no more than a few of that long row would be needed . 
 The closet was faintly UNK with lavender , and as Lucy shut the door an unhappy memory slipped into her mind , like a lavender ghost : Greg's house , on the day he was buried , and the child , pale , silent , baffled , watching the funeral guests with UNK eyes . 
 Many times since his death that memory had worried and troubled her . 
 Out in the hall , the upstairs phone UNK , and the small ghost vanished . 
 When she picked up the receiver , her mother's cheerful voice was there . 
 `` UNK UNK calling '' , she said . 
 `` I just thought I'd let you know . 
 Myra dropped Cathy this morning , and Jim picked Cathy up and left Susan a few hours ago . 
 I'd have phoned sooner but I've been busy '' . 
 `` I can imagine '' ! ! 
 Susan was an active character ; ; 
 for Mother to be able to call , Susan must be UNK now , surrounded by her UNK of dolls . 
 Lucy drew out the chair and sat down ; ; 
 she relaxed a little , and some of the tension went out of her . 
 You could think yourself as grown up as UNK , yet the maternal voice still kept its comforting magic . 
 `` How was Cathy '' ? ? 
 `` UNK . 
 But Myra was the UNK widow I ever saw '' . 
 On her way to the airport , on her way to Paris -- you bet , Lucy said to herself . 
 `` I've been fixing up the guest room for Cathy '' . 
 There was a momentary pause , and then her mother said , `` How long is she supposed to stay '' ? ? 
 `` Just for a couple of weeks , till Myra finds a place for them '' . 
 `` Well '' -- This time there was a long silence , while the telephone UNK faintly with a UNK life . 
 UNK , Lucy stared at the UNK wallpaper ; ; 
 her mother was forthright ; ; 
 she was not usually given to mysterious UNK . 
 Was she thinking along the same lines Lucy was -- that it was quite possible Cathy might be left with her for good ? ? 
 `` You mean once Myra gets to Paris '' ? ? 
 Once the soft , pretty UNK found the bright light she had always wanted ? ? 
 Suddenly , UNK , Lucy asked , `` Mother , do you know something I don't know '' ? ? 
 Again there was that curious pause , and then her mother said , `` I guess I do . 
 Just before Myra left -- She was saying UNK to Cathy , and she didn't realize I was near '' . 
 She hesitated , as though hunting over words and ways of putting them . 
 `` Cathy was in tears , of course , and I heard Myra say , ' Now be good , and at UNK I'll send you a wonderful present from Paris ' '' . 
 UNK UNK , Lucy sat there . 
 Then she jumped to her feet , the elastic phone cord UNK like a black snake . 
 `` UNK ! ! 
 '' Then it was no bogey she had dreamed up ; ; 
 it was only too true . 
 Myra had no intention whatever of sending for Cathy in two weeks . 
 For a moment , anger darkened the hallway about her , and when she found her voice , anger thickened it . 
 `` That does it '' ! ! 
 She said . 
 `` I'll keep Cathy for two weeks . 
 Then , if Myra does nothing about UNK her , I'll pack her right back to her mother -- if I have to take her myself '' ! ! 
 Her hand tightened on the receiver . 
 `` And that's what I'm going to tell Jim '' . 
 For Lucy , the day's nagging UNK had come to an abrupt end . 
 As she hung up , she saw through the UNK open window the UNK flying of the UNK wings , and heard their grotesque singing . 
 UNK Myra ! ! 
 She's not going to get away with it . 
 Cathy is tired , Lucy thought , watching them come slowly up the path . 
 The child's thin legs were plodding . 
 She trudged along slowly , both hands clutching a tired UNK bear . 
 She was at the moment just a small , walking package , being delivered to her UNK and UNK house . 
 Unlike Susan , she was traveling light ; ; 
 the worn UNK bear , a tiny suitcase that Jim carried , and the clothes she wore , were all she had . 
 Lucy glancing at the miniature case , knew there would not be enough in it for the UNK of stays ; ; 
 they would have to buy things for her . 
 She opened the door . 
 UNK , the dog UNK on the sand . 
 Quint couldn't blame Maggie for UNK . 
 For eleven days they'd done the same thing , leaving the cottage quietly before breakfast , before UNK Beach got jammed with tourists and beach balls and UNK UNK . 
 The swirling sand made UNK limp more pronounced . 
 They walked slowly past the UNK cottages -- eleven lemon , nine mint , seven orange -- around the curve to a deserted stand with an `` UNK '' sign UNK in the wind . 
 Now they were in friendly territory . 
 Nobody around . 
 Nothing but sand and a ridge of rocks sloping UNK to the water's edge . 
 His rock was to the right of a V-shaped inlet , a big , brown , UNK rock trailing UNK UNK . 
 His rock was special because no one on the beach could see him here . 
 Here he was enclosed and safe . 
 ( If a UNK or a sea monster came along , didn't he have a red Swiss hunting knife on his belt -- ten blades and a UNK ? ? 
 ) 
 Here was a perfect place to lie down and make believe . 
 He was UNK controlling the waves . 
 He was a knight of the Round Table , `` Sir UNK the Brave '' , UNK evil spirits and UNK and UNK and witches with UNK noses . 
 ( One good thing about a suit of armor , his leg wouldn't show . 
 ) He was the first UNK on the moon , chosen because of his small size and UNK nature . 
 He was six feet one like his father , with big hands and a hairy chest , a man the weak and UNK would turn to . 
 UNK . 
 Every night when he wanted a drink of water , didn't he practice being fearless by not turning on the bathroom light ? ? 
 A dark bathroom can be pretty UNK , and he'd creep back to bed , proud of himself , thinking : Tomorrow , for sure , I'll go down to the rock and keep my promise to Dad . 
 He hadn't intended to make the promise . 
 It happened two weeks ago , the night before his father left on a business trip to South America . 
 Every piece of the nightmare was clear , in place ; ; 
 and when he woke up , his father was saying , `` Stop screaming , Quint . 
 It's all right . 
 Stop shaking '' . 
 He could remember the feel of his father's big hands , the UNK of his father's heart sending out signals -- regular , like radar . 
 `` Let's talk about the beach . 
 Son . 
 While I'm gone you get brown and fat as a pig , hear ? ? 
 Look , I can put two fingers between the UNK in the back of your neck . 
 Dr. UNK says swimming would help your leg . 
 He says you're UNK more than you need to '' . 
 `` How does he know ? ? 
 Big dumb nut . 
 He never had UNK '' . 
 In the light from the bedside table his father looked so worried that the promise UNK out . 
 `` You just wait , Dad . 
 When you get back I'll UNK be swimming better than Victoria . 
 Wait and see , Dad '' . 
 Victoria was fourteen months younger than Quint , a head taller , and could UNK any boy or girl on the beach . 
 He called her `` UNK '' . 
 She called him `` UNK -- that's why nobody plays with you , Mister UNK '' . 
 Or , what was worse , she prayed for him out loud at UNK : `` Please , Lord UNK , please give my brother the strength to go swimming like he promised '' . 
 `` She's got a nerve '' . 
 Quint said now to the clouds . 
 UNK began to UNK up and down his chest . 
 He felt strong as a giant . 
 He UNK his high brown shoes and took off the metal brace on his leg . 
 He UNK his sweat shirt into a ball and stripped down to his swimming trunks . 
 `` UNK , UNK '' , creaked a sea UNK . 
 `` UNK , shut up '' , he said . 
 He stood on the rock , a skinny , dignified boy surrounded by the ocean . 
 The wind bored a hole between his shoulder blades , and when he looked at the UNK waves coming and going and crossing each other he could see his head down there , bleeding , UNK between the rocks and the waves . 
 I can't go in . 
 I'm scared of the nightmare . 
 UNK , he put on his clothes . 
 And shivering with shame , he crawled to the narrow end of the rock and spat into the water . 
 `` Watch it , big shot '' , a hoarse voice yelled back . 
 She was holding on to his rock with one hand . 
 She smelled of UNK . 
 She wore a bathing suit like his mother's , no UNK on the UNK . 
 `` Why didn't you duck '' ? ? 
 He snapped . 
 `` This is my rock '' . 
 `` Isn't '' . 
 `` Is '' . 
 `` Isn't '' . 
 `` Is '' . 
 She was sore as a boil . 
 `` Ever hear of UNK rights '' ? ? 
 `` Sure . 
 They started with the UNK Bill of eighteen '' -- 
 `` Mister Big UNK , aren't you '' ? ? 
 `` I'm Mark Gordon Peters the Fifth . 
 They call me Quint '' . 
 `` Then why don't you stop UNK '' ? ? 
 `` I said Quint . 
 That's short for UNK . 
 UNK in Latin means '' -- 
 `` I can speak both kinds of Latin , smart UNK '' . 
 Her cough sounded like cloth UNK . 
 `` You shouldn't smoke so much '' , he said , unconsciously UNK UNK UNK voice . 
 `` I don't smoke '' . 
 She was horrified . 
 `` Do you '' ? ? 
 `` Hell , yes '' . 
 Not having said `` hell '' before , he stumbled a bit before gathering momentum . 
 `` Sometimes eleven , fourteen a day '' . 
 `` If I was your UNK , I'd UNK your tail off '' . 
 `` My mother never UNK me . 
 I've got this leg brace '' . 
 She seemed so UNK that he was obliged to roll up his blue UNK so she could see his brace . 
 `` UNK '' , was what she said . 
 `` Why don't you paint it red and white like a UNK pole '' ? ? 
 `` Because maybe I won't have to wear it always . 
 Dr. UNK says if I exercise my leg more , maybe I can use a cane when I'm big '' . 
 She UNK a UNK of water into the air . 
 `` A UNK mighty handy . 
 UNK walking past , you want to stop him , UNK , UNK him around the neck with the UNK in your cane . 
 Or say a waiter brings you a bowl of soup with a dead fly in it -- all you got to do is UNK , UNK your cane on the floor . 
 Hey , will you look at that '' ? ? 
 Maggie had shaken himself awake and was UNK the sand off his UNK UNK and his long UNK of a tail . 
 `` That's some dog . 
 What kind '' ? ? 
 `` Part UNK , part UNK terrier '' . 
 Quint glared . 
 He always did when people asked . 
 `` Holy UNK , that's the most unique dog I ever saw '' , she said firmly . 
 `` His real name's DiMaggio , only we call him Maggie because he has to take tranquilizers . 
 He's UNK than he looks . 
 He's been sick lately . 
 Last Tuesday he went on a ham UNK '' . 
 `` A what '' ? ? 
 He would have told her , but Victoria was UNK . 
 That meant `` Mama wants you Quint . 
 Come home or I'll come find you '' . 
 `` I gotta go . 
 Even though this is my rock , you can use it sometimes . 
 I come early in the morning '' . 
 `` So do I . 
 See you around , Mister UNK '' . 
 That was how they started being friends . 
 They met next morning and all the mornings thereafter . 
 Same time , early , before the fog burned off , because she didn't like the sun ; ; 
 it made her UNK . 
 Her name was Sabella , and the strip of UNK around her neck was an UNK UNK the King gave her as a token of his UNK love . 
 `` You going to marry the King '' ? ? 
 `` No . 
 He's got a long beard and picks his teeth with a fork . 
 My hair is what he's nuts about . 
 Naturally curly hair runs in my family . 
 Personally , I prefer straight hair like yours , but as they say on the Continent , ' What can one do ' '' ? ? 
 `` Which continent '' ? ? 
 `` UNK one , I been there '' . 
 Japan , she said , smelled UNK because people let dead fish lie on the beaches till the fish got hard as rocks ; ; 
 then they scraped off the mold and made fish soup . 
 UNK . 
 UNK in UNK had UNK . 
 Near UNK the UNK drove their UNK down to the beach and sang and drank and fought all night . 
 As for dancing -- holy UNK , he ought to see the UNK in UNK ; ; 
 they danced on the sand till your blood got hot and danced with them . 
 `` Really '' . 
 Quint smothered a UNK . 
 She made better pictures than any book he'd read , but he didn't say so . 
 UNK , as the days went by , he found occasion to tell her that his father had won the Navy Cross in the Korean War ; ; 
 that his baby sister could spit up through her nose when she felt like it ; ; 
 that he personally had an UNK of UNK and was currently reading the UNK to UNK volume of the UNK . 
 `` Books are for UNK '' . 
 She skipped a piece of water at him and laughed , a funny , hoarse laugh he liked to hear . 
 Nobody ever appreciated his jokes as much as Sabella . 
 ( `` What did one UNK say to the other UNK ? ? 
 Let's get dressed up -- the doctor's taking us out tonight '' . 
 And `` What time did the UNK go to the dentist ? ? 
 UNK '' . 
 ) UNK by her giggles he imitated Maggie who was crazy about ham . 
 He described the ham decorated with pineapple and UNK , cooling on the porch . 
 He UNK up on the ham like Maggie , UNK it with soft , UNK teeth , then panting with thirst , UNK up the water in the lagoon , swelling up like a balloon , staggering home to be sick , while his mother said , `` That does it . 
 That dog has to go '' . 
 `` Say , you're quite a comic '' , Sabella said UNK . 
 `` Ever thought about going on the stage '' ? ? 
 He hadn't . 
 But it was such a nice thought that he nodded his head . 
 `` Either that or a UNK '' . 
 `` Better make up your mind , son '' , Sabella said . 
 `` You can't serve UNK and UNK '' . 
 Sometimes they argued . 
 She said UNK have no bones and UNK swam backward . 
 His UNK agreed with Sabella . 
 Next morning he tied a bunch of sea UNK with string and threw them across the V-shaped inlet to the rock where she was swimming around . 
 Boy , could she catch ! ! 
 Like Willie Mays in the UNK . 
 `` Nobody gave me flowers before . 
 Thank you , Quint '' . 
 Her face turned pink with pleasure and a smothered cough . 
 `` You can always tell a real gentleman -- they got a certain UNK UNK say UNK '' . 
 Sometimes they didn't talk at all . 
 He UNK on the rock while she swam and UNK around . 
 Once when she asked why he never went swimming and he answered , `` Don't feel like it '' , he was tempted to tell her about being scared . 
 But Victoria began UNK just then and he went home , carrying Sabella in the back of his head , not thinking about her , just knowing she was there , smiling , smelling of UNK . 
 As for his promise -- oh , he had plenty of time , UNK of time . 
 Wednesday morning it happened . 
 They were eating breakfast . 
 `` We UNK thee , Lord UNK , to bless this food '' -- that was Victoria saying grace while the baby sprayed UNK toast on her plastic UNK . 
 Same old breakfast till the phone rang , making his mother's voice shake with excitement . 
 `` Your UNK in San Francisco '' , she told them . 
 `` He says he'll be here on the UNK plane . 
 Fifteen days early -- isn't that wonderful '' ? ? 
 `` Yeah , keen '' . 
 A cave seemed to be opening in UNK stomach . 
 `` Children , we'll have to get organized . 
 The baby can have an early nap . 
 Victoria , I want you to -- '' 
 Quint closed the screen door quietly so Maggie wouldn't be scared . 
 `` Hurry up , we're late '' , he said , UNK with a chill how gray the sky was this morning , the fog like a rope along the horizon , the UNK waves sending off sheets of blue and UNK green . 
 The cave in his stomach hurt . 
 He had to go into the water . 
 He'd tell Sabella about the nightmare . 
 It had started two years ago when he was in an iron lung . 
 What caused it , he didn't know . 
 The metal collar UNK his neck ? ? 
 UNK so much ? ? 
 The unbearable weight on his chest ? ? 
 All of it together meant drowning . 
 The first time the nurse took him out of the lung , she said if he got frightened , she'd put him back for a second . 
 When Bobbie Evans smashed up his car , the Jaguar his wife Linda had given him for his last birthday , and himself quite thoroughly with it , driving back from an UNK golf at UNK , it seemed to mark the end of a long , UNK chapter in the social life of the community . 
 Linda looked remote yet lovely in black , and everyone held his or her breath . 
 Not that Linda was UNK , not that she would do anything UNK or in bad taste any more than John Cooper would . 
 UNK Linda been a perfect wife to Bobbie , who was the least bit of a disappointment all these years ? ? 
 Wasn't John Cooper even more attractive at UNK than he had been twenty-five years earlier ? ? 
 And wasn't John's wife , Edythe , even more appalling , if possible ? ? 
 Didn't John Cooper , after all this time , deserve something better of life ? ? 
 Wasn't it adult and realistic to look at it that way ? ? 
 And romantic ? ? 
 Everybody knew that John Cooper had married Edythe on the UNK . 
 It was the kind of thing that could ruin a man's life , and it was a tribute to John's strength of character and very real business ability that it hadn't ruined his . 
 `` Of course , there was nothing you could do , but you still ought to be ashamed of yourself for letting it happen '' , Mousie Chandler said to Linda Stuart . 
 `` Poor John '' ! ! 
 Linda accepted the UNK , which was something she did rarely in all her life and most rarely in that summer of 1936 when she was by all odds the prettiest and brightest young woman west of the UNK Mountains , and John was surely one of the UNK and brighter young men around Pittsburgh . 
 For it had been John and Linda ever since she had come out two seasons before at the Golf Club to the UNK admiration not only of the stag line but even of her fellow UNK . 
 John had claimed her from the stag line , a young man a year out of Dartmouth with skiing UNK still around his eyes . 
 You saw them always together those years . 
 You talked about John-and-Linda as an entity . 
 John-and-Linda were at UNK UNK last night ; ; 
 John-and-Linda drove to UNK in three and a half hours . 
 Then there was a spat over something , as there had been UNK UNK before ; ; 
 only this one didn't UNK . 
 You still said `` John-and-Linda '' , but as if you were speaking of a national catastrophe such as the depression or UNK . 
 It got worse instead of better . 
 First , it came out after Mr. UNK will was settled -- he had died the year before -- that John and his mother weren't rich any more . 
 And then there was UNK engagement to Bobbie Evans . 
 There was no connection between the two events , because Bobbie wasn't rich , either , though he was more aggressive than John . 
 He was a bright and handsome young man from New York , who worked for the same steel company as John did . 
 Some people said Linda had just announced the engagement to jolt John into some action , but when John came home from a business trip to Cleveland with Edythe , with Edythe his bride , it could no longer be John-and-Linda even to sentimental wishful thinkers . 
 It wasn't even John and Edythe . 
 It was simply Poor John . 
 There was nothing specifically wrong with Edythe , but there was absolutely nothing right about her either . 
 Mousie Chandler had been to school with her someplace near Baltimore and tried to explain rather than defend her to the gang having lunch at UNK . 
 `` Well , you shouldn't underestimate Edythe '' , Mousie said . 
 `` I know she gives the impression of being shallow and frivolous and UNK . 
 She is frivolous and UNK , but she really isn't shallow '' . 
 Bobbie and Linda looked magnificent at their wedding . 
 John was at the church with Edythe . 
 She UNK during the ceremony , and Mousie Chandler , who was one of UNK UNK , said John glared black as death at her . 
 `` As if he were choking '' , she said . 
 `` Poor John '' ! ! 
 Edythe settled down to become a social myth and a horrible example . 
 Her hair never seemed to be in place and her skirts were never quite the correct length . 
 She didn't have a bad shape when you caught her at the pool at UNK UNK , but her bathing suits were far from smart . 
 And you didn't see her much at UNK UNK or anywhere , for John had drifted away from the gang . 
 Mousie said it was because he was too proud to stand pity . 
 Others thought he couldn't stand seeing Linda , Mrs. Bobbie Evans , still so beautiful , so much in command of everything . 
 There were UNK reasons too . 
 John's mother died not long after his marriage , and there was even less Cooper money left . 
 John sold the big old place in UNK and bought a smaller house in UNK Chapel . 
 He was not reduced to poverty , but his job at the steel company had become a real job and not a method of passing the day . 
 John was good at his job . 
 It probably wasn't hard for him to keep his nose to the UNK with nothing but Edythe to come home to . 
 Though that may be unfair since Ben Cooper , John's first son , came along early in 1938 , the UNK baby you ever saw and a blessing that he looked all Cooper from UNK to pink toes , UNK a trace of Edythe . 
 But the continuing charm of the other children -- Sally in 1940 and Jack in 1944 -- and all John's success at his work only made UNK UNK and general UNK more glaring . 
 She never could fit into a crowd which had known , which still knew and admired Linda . 
 When there was bridge at UNK house , the cards UNK like wet UNK crackers and the food probably was wet UNK crackers . 
 She managed a missionary drive for the church once and got the books so confused that old Mr. UNK , the eldest elder , who'd never donated more than five dollars to anything , had to cough up five hundred dollars to avoid a scandal in what Edythe called `` the UNK of the church '' . 
 John did find the missing checks and money afterward , and the drive was actually UNK , which was a real bit of luck for the missionaries . 
 Being an intelligent man , John must have guessed what everyone thought about Edythe , but he never let on by so much as a brave smile . 
 Poor John was the kind of stock that keeps a bargain without UNK and maybe UNK over backward to keep a bad one . 
 He was an attentive and generous husband , UNK , a lot of people felt , because they knew that money must be a problem to him . 
 But he got ahead in business : on leave from his job to an important Washington assignment during the war ; ; 
 after the war back to the heir UNK of the steel company . 
 The UNK saw Bobbie and Linda socially , but no more than was necessary . 
 Bobbie had been successful , too , though he didn't match John's pace , and after all he didn't need to , with all the Stuart money . 
 He and Linda settled down to being social leaders , and Linda managed to look a little more beautiful each year . 
 And then came the UNK turn , the smashed Jaguar and Linda , mourning alone and lovely . 
 Everyone held his or her breath . 
 `` Don't think Linda couldn't have got John back any time , if she'd tried '' , Mousie Gordon , who had been Mousie Chandler , said between bites of a chicken sandwich at a luncheon table at Le UNK . 
 `` Now you know she UNK , but she isn't that kind of girl . 
 But now -- well , it would be a blessing , I think . 
 Poor John '' . 
 Linda Evans felt more wretched than she had ever dreamed UNK death could move her to feeling . 
 What she felt was a UNK loss with a sense of waste to it , not so much sorrow for handsome , ambitious Bobbie , but for the lost years that had been brought into high relief by his death . 
 She knew what people were thinking ; ; 
 it was what she had been thinking herself . 
 It was up to her to save Poor John , dear John , to UNK the wrong she had done , but she trembled at the decision as at the UNK of a cold stream . 
 There was no one who would blame her or John ; ; 
 she could be sure of that . 
 It might be rough on Edythe at first , but Linda and John between them could make a settlement handsome enough to UNK her , to send her back to Cleveland or anywhere . 
 And Linda felt capable of UNK the affection of the children , anxious even , since she and Bobbie had had none of their own . 
 It would be good for them to have a mother they need not be ashamed of . 
 Linda would have to wait , she knew . 
 But what was a decent six months or so after the more than twenty years gone by ? ? 
 Years of watching while Poor John struggled without the help and understanding of the kind of wife a man needed to get ahead . 
 Of course , he had done wonders . 
 UNK UNK and regular UNK had different sales departments at Smith & UNK , where John and Bobbie both worked . 
 Bobbie had been head of the UNK division , while John was just another good salesman in the regular branch . 
 So when old Mr. UNK , the company president , talked about putting in a single sales manager for both branches after the head of the regular UNK had gone with UNK , it looked like the perfect chance for Bobbie . 
 For Linda knew how to help her husband , not just the UNK contacts but also the little dinners for UNK UNK . 
 She was almost sick when Bobbie came home with the news that Poor John had won the job . 
 `` What did you do '' ? ? 
 She asked Bobbie . 
 `` You must have done something , something wrong . 
 Lord knows I had everything set for you '' . 
 Bobbie said something about damned UNK sticking together , and Linda got angry at him . 
 They had their first real fight , and Bobbie went off to get drunk . 
 Linda UNK her uncle , Donald UNK , into a lunch the next day to find out what had happened . 
 He was a director of S. & M. and must have been in on the decision . 
 But UNK old Uncle Donald would tell her no more than that Bobbie had certainly been considered for the job , but there were factors in a large company which outsiders and even some UNK couldn't understand . 
 He didn't tell her of the long board meeting where Bobbie and John were weighed one against the other . 
 `` I'm behind John Cooper '' , Mr. UNK said finally . 
 `` I think we're agreed that he and Evans are equal in ability , so we have to look at the thing in terms of incentive . 
 `` Now , I believe Poor UNK work just a little harder . 
 With that wife of his , I think he feels every chance he gets is his big chance . 
 Bobbie , with Linda behind him , will have plenty of other opportunities . 
 And also , the money can't mean as much to Bobbie . 
 `` Bobbie will take the job as his just reward and work hard at it ; ; 
 Poor John will take it as a miracle and have every other independent steel company sitting up nights worrying about us '' . 
 Most of the directors nodded . 
 Uncle Donald UNK found himself nodding agreement too . 
 After the surprise was over , Linda was almost as pleased as anyone with John's good luck , though she agreed with UNK decision some months later to move to Funk UNK . 
 The job at Funk wasn't particularly better , but it got him away from being subordinate to John and assured him steady advancement , since Funk was owned to a large degree by various branches of UNK family . 
 Poor John's rise continued to be UNK . 
 When he was made a vice president only a year after the new sales job , a leading business magazine ran his photograph with a brief biography in a series on national business leaders of the future . 
 She called then to say she had a UNK for that night . 
 `` Shirley appreciated the chance to make some money . 
 Such a nice little thing -- lives right in the building '' . 
 `` That's swell '' , I said sweetly . 
 I could get along without that three dollars . 
 In some ways it was worth being out the money -- just knowing I was no longer obligated to Nadine ! ! 
 It was past midnight and we were in bed when the phone rang . 
 I stumbled through the hall , wondering who would be calling at this hour . 
 I answered to find Nadine at the other end . 
 `` You scared me half to death '' , I said UNK . 
 `` What's wrong '' ? ? 
 `` Janice , nobody answers at the apartment '' ! ! 
 Her voice came shrill . 
 `` I'm absolutely frantic ! ! 
 That stupid girl might have gone off and left Francie '' ! ! 
 `` Oh , she wouldn't do that '' , I said . 
 `` She's probably fallen asleep and doesn't hear the phone . 
 But if you're worried you can go home and check '' -- 
 `` I can't leave the party ! ! 
 We're at Ken UNK apartment , and when one couple leaves early everything falls flat ! ! 
 Old Mr. Thom is already down on Wally , and we simply can't afford to get Ken mad at us '' -- 
 I was all set for what came next . 
 `` Janice , could you possibly go over and make sure UNK all right ? ? 
 I'll call you there in ten minutes '' -- 
 `` I can't make it in ten minutes '' -- UNK , as I said it , why I should make it at all . 
 Why should I go over at midnight to check on Francie , when her parents didn't care enough to leave a party ? ? 
 `` Fifteen minutes , then ! ! 
 Please , Janice . 
 I'll be glad to pay you '' -- 
 So sure that money could do anything ! ! 
 `` All right '' , I said . 
 I'd do it . 
 Not for the dollar or so Nadine would give me . 
 But because there was the chance that something had gone wrong at the apartment , and if I didn't go over , who would ? ? 
 Chris was sound asleep , and I didn't see any sense in waking him . 
 I dressed in the kitchen , then left a note on the table telling him what had happened . 
 I drove off through the cool darkness to UNK apartment and rang the bell , and in a few seconds a young girl opened the door . 
 Her face was flushed from sleep . 
 `` It's all right '' , I said , as she started to look scared . 
 `` Mrs. Roberts had called , and couldn't wake you . 
 I just came over to make sure everything was all right '' . 
 `` I'm -- hard to wake up '' , she UNK . 
 She didn't look over thirteen . 
 And Nadine insisted that her UNK be reliable ! ! 
 `` I have to get up early for church tomorrow '' , she went on . 
 `` I didn't know it was going to be this late '' ! ! 
 The phone started ringing . 
 `` That's Mrs. Roberts again '' , I said . 
 `` I'll answer it '' . 
 I crossed the beautifully furnished living room to the pale yellow phone . 
 I told Nadine everything was fine , and that I'd be getting on home . 
 `` Janice , would you mind staying '' ? ? 
 There was a ragged edge to her voice now , as if she'd been crying . 
 `` UNK drunk -- I'll get him out of here as soon as I possibly can , but I don't want Shirley to see him like this . 
 You know how gossip of that sort spreads through an apartment building '' -- 
 Not a word of thanks for what I'd already done . 
 The receiver clicked in my ear . 
 She didn't even give me a chance to refuse . 
 Well , there wasn't any law that said I had to stay ! ! 
 But then I looked at Shirley and thought that I might as well -- the child needed her sleep , and Heaven knew what kind of a mess it would be , with Wally coming home drunk . 
 So I told her Mrs. Roberts would pay her in the morning , and she scooted off to her own apartment . 
 After I looked in at Francie , I went into the living room and waited . 
 I must have dozed off , because I came to with a start at the sound of voices . 
 UNK , shrill with anger -- UNK loud and thick -- As I went to the door I heard the clock strike two . 
 I opened the door , and Wally stumbled in -- fast -- as if Nadine had pushed him . 
 I had always thought she was so beautiful . 
 But now she looked ugly . 
 Her skin was stretched so tight that her cheekbones stuck out , and if looks could kill , Wally would have been dead . 
 `` UNK your clothes '' , she UNK . 
 `` UNK -- and get out '' ! ! 
 `` You're crazy '' , Wally said thickly . 
 He lurched and stumbled to the UNK and sank down on it , and was instantly asleep . 
 Nadine strode over to him , and her pointed nails raked across his face . 
 I grabbed her arm and she turned on me and for a scared second I thought that maybe Wally was right , and she was crazy . 
 `` You stay out of this '' , she spat at me . 
 `` He's ruined us -- do you hear me -- he's ruined us ! ! 
 He UNK Ken Thom '' ! ! 
 Her eyes were wild . 
 `` He told Ken to his face that he doesn't have what it takes to get a woman ! ! 
 And the other people there were listening ! ! 
 We're ruined and he's going to get out if I have to throw him down the stairs '' -- 
 `` you'd better UNK down '' , I said UNK . 
 I was plenty scared . 
 In the state she was in , she could actually kill him ! ! 
 `` Now you just take it easy , and I'll make you some tea '' -- 
 `` UNK , '' Nadine screeched . 
 `` How can you be so damn stupid ? ? 
 UNK lost his job ! ! 
 Ken will never forgive him -- never ! ! 
 And we don't have any money -- we don't have a dime ! ! 
 All we own is UNK bedroom set and the UNK player and we even owe on them . 
 And we'll be poor and have to live in a UNK little house like yours -- and all because of that '' -- 
 I clamped my hand over her mouth to stop the stream of UNK . 
 `` Stop that ! ! 
 You'll wake up the whole building . 
 Wally can't go any place at this hour '' -- 
 `` Well then , I'll get out '' -- But she looked uncertain . 
 She was coming to her senses enough to realize that you don't go UNK off anywhere at two in the morning . 
 `` You go to bed '' , I said UNK . 
 `` In the morning you and Wally can talk things out '' -- 
 She collapsed against me , as if everything inside her snapped . 
 I got her into bed , and sat with her until she had UNK herself out . 
 It was three o'clock before I figured it was all right to go . 
 I left her , a limp bundle of UNK , shivering with terror because her bubble had burst around her . 
 Wally was snoring on the UNK . 
 I had done all I could . 
 I had done all I was going to do . 
 Whether or not Wally lost his job was no concern of mine . 
 I drove home , found Chris still asleep . 
 I snuggled up close to him -- loving him -- thankful for a man like him . 
 UNK I wasn't Nadine . 
 I kept on being thankful . 
 In the afternoon Nadine and Wally came over with Francie . 
 Wally sat in our big chair , his hands between his knees , looking ready to cry . 
 `` I'd had all this trouble with the old man , that's why I drank so much . 
 I -- got fired yesterday for not attending to business '' -- 
 Old Mr. Thom himself had stopped at the service station for a grease job , Wally confessed , and couldn't get one because there were cars on the pits waiting to be repaired . 
 Seems that the kid Wally had hired had a repair business of his own going on the side . 
 Mr. Thom had gotten Wally on the phone , and fired him . 
 `` I thought I'd smooth things over through Ken '' , Wally said UNK . 
 `` But Ken got coy and wouldn't make any promises . 
 And I was plastered and I blew my stack '' -- 
 `` And told him right to his face he'd never slept with a woman '' ! ! 
 I tried to quiet Nadine because the children were there . 
 But she was beyond caring what she said . 
 `` Things may smooth over yet '' , Chris said , his nice lean face grave with honest concern . 
 But I couldn't help thinking that Nadine and Wally were getting just what they deserved . 
 Now maybe they'd realize that life can be tough . 
 When A bubble breaks , there's nothing . 
 Little by little , during the week , Chris and I discovered the crazy unbelievable way Nadine and Wally had lived . 
 They had not only spent every cent -- they were in debt up to their UNK , UNK on everything they owned . 
 On top of everything else they were two months behind on their apartment rent , and the day Wally received written notice that he was fired , they were UNK . 
 UNK of all , Wally had no training for any kind of work . 
 He had fallen into a soft job , and now the job was gone and he was stranded . 
 Chris UNK . 
 `` I wish we were in a position to offer a little money to tide them over '' . 
 I said I wished we were , too . 
 It was easy enough to say it , because of course we couldn't spare a cent . 
 But Chris UNK up like a candle . 
 `` I'm glad you feel that way , honey . 
 There is one big way we can help them . 
 We can let them move in with us '' -- 
 Something I had simply never thought of . 
 Something so incredible -- 
 I just stared at him . 
 It was incredible -- He gave me an embarrassed , pleading look . 
 `` I know we'd be pretty crowded . 
 But it would only be for a couple of weeks -- until they get straightened out '' . 
 UNK out -- They'd had years of making all that money ! ! 
 `` I won't do it '' , I said flatly . 
 `` Nadine was always too good to live in a little house like this ! ! 
 Well , now she can sleep in the street for all I care '' ! ! 
 `` That isn't like you , Janice '' , Chris said UNK . 
 Then I felt uncomfortable , too . 
 I didn't want to be like that , mean and bitter . 
 But , UNK it all , why should we help a couple of spoiled UNK who had looked down their noses at us ? ? 
 But , in the end , we did . 
 It just seemed as if there was nothing else to do . 
 The finance company took all their furniture -- and they didn't have a cent to their name . 
 Then Wally got sick . 
 To my way of thinking , he was scared sick . 
 His luck had failed him , and it was easier to crawl off into bed than to get out and fight the world . 
 Chris made trip after trip in our old car , moving the clothes and dishes and the stock of UNK Nadine had bought on special . 
 At least we'll eat , I thought grimly as I put all the food away . 
 While I worked , Nadine sat and cried . 
 When she wasn't crying , she was in our bedroom fighting with Wally . 
 `` UNK infection nothing '' , she'd scream at him . 
 `` You're too lazy to go out and look for another job . 
 You're just a UNK bum '' ! ! 
 It was a mess , all right . 
 But it couldn't go on forever -- A couple of weeks , Chris had said . 
 I figured I could stand practically anything for a couple of weeks . 
 But the two weeks dragged into three , and they were still with us . 
 UNK constant nagging had finally gotten Wally out of bed . 
 He set out every morning looking for work , and come home around noon , full of UNK and UNK . 
 Wendell Thom had UNK him . 
 Nobody would even take his application . 
 `` You can get something , '' Nadine would snap . 
 `` You can get a job working in a grocery store , if nothing else '' . 
 `` The high school kids have got everything UNK up '' , he said , a whine in his voice . 
 `` Those damn UNK -- taking work away from men who need it '' . 
 `` By fall they'll be back in school '' , I'd say , trying to sound encouraging . 
 But this was only the middle of July . 
 And I couldn't take six more weeks of this . 
 I mentioned it to Chris one UNK hot night , when I had slipped outside for a breath of fresh air . 
 I don't really believe in intuition . 
 But I swear to you from the moment I opened my eyes , I knew it was going to be a bad day . 
 Part of it was the weather , so UNK it would take me twice as long to get to the hospital . 
 Part of it was being so tired -- I'd not only had my usual full day yesterday , but a dinner meeting as well , that kept me up late . 
 But the rest of it , the main part , wasn't based on logic at all . 
 It was just going to be one of those days . 
 For the UNK time , I wished I'd chosen some nice , UNK , UNK profession . 
 And for the UNK time , I answered myself . 
 I hadn't chosen medicine -- it had chosen me . 
 Actually , I shouldn't complain , I told myself in the shaving mirror . 
 I had a lot to be thankful for . 
 A profession that brought me as good an income as mine wasn't to be UNK at . 
 Maybe I didn't see as much of Gladdy as I'd like , but how much worse it would have been if I'd had to board her out somewhere after Alice went -- send my daughter to an UNK or a UNK . 
 At least , we were together and we had Mrs. Hodges , bless her , to look after us -- no mother could be UNK of Gladdy than Mrs. Hodges was . 
 I was lucky in lots of ways , no doubt about it . 
 Especially in the way Gladdy had turned out . 
 UNK up without a mother from the time she was three -- it wasn't a good thing for a child , even knowing the kind of mother Alice had been . 
 But I mustn't start on Alice . 
 She is a closed book , a picture I keep on my bureau , but never look at . 
 If she'd kept on as she'd been going , the story I'd told Gladdy would probably have been true by now , anyhow 
 As usual , UNK bright smile greeted me at the breakfast table . 
 Her first class wasn't until ten , but she always got up to have breakfast with me . 
 It made me feel good and knowing that she'd decided , all on her own , to go to college right here in town made me feel good , too . 
 Oh , I knew that I couldn't give myself all the credit for her decision . 
 I had a feeling that young Pete UNK , the most promising UNK at UNK , had something to do with it , too . 
 She'd been out with Pete the night before and her gay chatter about their date lightened my mood a little . 
 But once I was alone again , driving to the hospital , the UNK returned . 
 If she and Pete were really getting serious , I'd have to do some hard thinking . 
 Should I tell him the truth about Alice ? ? 
 Did he have a right to know the secret I'd kept from Gladdy all these years ? ? 
 The boys were already waiting in the corridor outside my office when I got to UNK . 
 Two UNK and Dick UNK , the other resident . 
 I'm Chief of Medicine here and this morning would start like all others , with me taking the boys on the rounds . 
 Pete was down on Seven , Dick told me , and he'd meet us there . 
 There wasn't anything of special interest that morning , no one UNK than they should have been . 
 Pete came to meet us when we stepped out of the elevator on Seven -- he'd had a case of UNK shock , but it was all taken care of now . 
 Seven is a women's floor and , as it happened , not very busy right then . 
 When we'd finished our regular rounds , Pete pointed me toward the small ward at the end of the floor . 
 `` Got a new one in last night '' , he said . 
 `` I haven't seen her yet , but I hear she's a UNK '' ! ! 
 I wasn't surprised . 
 The ward was a small one , four beds , kept reserved for female alcoholics . 
 We didn't get many at UNK and they were never pretty sights . 
 It was thought wiser to keep them segregated from the patients in the regular charity ward . 
 The moment I walked in , the whole miserable feeling of the day seemed to focus on the woman in the bed . 
 They'd cleaned her up some , of course , and she'd pretty much slept off her drunk . 
 But there was something about her -- and I felt my lips forming a name . 
 Alice But this woman's name was Rose Bancroft ! ! 
 I looked at the chart for reassurance . 
 Yes , Rose Bancroft , diagnosis : acute UNK . 
 She looked about sixty , though I recalled that the chart gave her age as forty-four . 
 An ugly scar disfigured the somewhat familiar UNK face , already marred by the UNK network of broken red veins that heavy UNK carry . 
 Her coarse hair was UNK -- bleached blonde and its real , dirty gray . 
 Oh , could it be ? ? 
 No , no it was an unfortunate resemblance , that was all it was , and I turned to Dick , forcing myself to put my UNK out of my mind . 
 In a low voice , Dick filled us in 
 she'd been picked up downtown , passed out in the doorway . 
 Although quiet when they brought her in , she'd suddenly turned violent and had to be knocked out . 
 It was the old story . 
 We'd keep her a day or two , and the UNK people would talk to her . 
 But if she wasn't interested , she'd just go back to the same life she'd left . 
 Turning toward the patient again , I -- I can't describe what happened to me then , except to say that I felt sick . 
 I tell you , it took every UNK of control I had to be able to speak . 
 `` Now , Miss -- or is it Mrs. Bancroft '' ? ? 
 I never liked going straight into an examination with patients -- it UNK them , I've always thought , to chat first . 
 This was one time I'd have gladly broken my own rule , but habit was too strong . 
 `` Hey '' ! ! 
 Her voice was flat and dull . 
 But those penetrating eyes -- I had to turn my head away . 
 It was then that I saw what the UNK covers revealed . 
 There were UNK on the sheet . 
 `` What's this '' ? ? 
 I asked . 
 `` Your period '' ? ? 
 She shook her head . 
 `` I been UNK a little now and then '' , she said quietly , no emotion in her voice . 
 `` Have you spoken to a doctor about it '' ? ? 
 Once again , there was a negative shake . 
 I told Miss Groggins to move her down the hall where we had an examining table . 
 `` Better do a UNK '' , I told Pete . 
 It was only a few moments before Miss Groggins had her in the proper position for a vaginal , but I couldn't see anything wrong on gross examination . 
 Pete stood by with a slide and took the UNK , sent it down to the UNK with a request for the test . 
 That done , I told Miss Groggins to take her patient back to bed and again put her out of my mind . 
 I was busy the rest of the day . 
 Late in the afternoon , I was up on Seven again . 
 One of my private patients was being admitted and I went in to see her settled . 
 On my way to the elevator , I ran into Pete . 
 `` I've got the results on the Bancroft UNK test '' , he said . 
 `` There's something there , all right . 
 Class Three , they said . 
 Do you want to talk to her , Doctor '' ? ? 
 `` Well '' -- I didn't -- I didn't ever want to see that woman again . 
 But that was ridiculous , of course . 
 `` All right . 
 We'll do a D. and C. and get her permission for a UNK . 
 Maybe it's nothing , maybe it's UNK or in UNK -- can't take any chances '' . 
 `` If you can keep her here that long '' , Pete said UNK . 
 `` Groggins tells me she's started UNK already , wants to get out . 
 UNK to get to her booze , I guess '' . 
 I UNK in distaste . 
 `` Well , better see what I can do '' . 
 We'd been standing right outside Miss UNK door and as I went to turn the UNK to enter , I was surprised to find that the door was slightly UNK . 
 But she seemed to be UNK and in any case , we'd been talking in low tones . 
 Her eyes opened as soon as she heard me , though , and once again , I felt an inward shiver . 
 `` I sure can't complain about the service in this place '' , she said . 
 `` I just got through seeing one of you guys . 
 What do you want '' ? ? 
 There was something almost insulting in her tone , but I disregarded it . 
 `` I've just been talking to Dr. UNK '' , I said . 
 `` We'd like you to have a UNK and UNK . 
 That's quite minor , nothing to worry about . 
 But we would like your permission to do -- that is , to go further if it proves necessary '' . 
 `` No '' . 
 It was flat , definite . 
 `` Suppose you let me explain . 
 Actually , I rather doubt that we'll have to do this . 
 Even if we do , you'll be out of here in a week , probably '' . 
 I was sure that was the difficulty -- she just didn't want to stay here , where she couldn't get to the liquor . 
 `` No '' . 
 I looked at her in amazement . 
 I'd had patients who'd refused surgery before , of course , but never one who didn't show , in one way or another , the reason why . 
 Mostly , it was fear , but this woman's voice didn't tremble and her hands were still on the UNK . 
 `` Will you tell me why '' ? ? 
 I asked . 
 She smiled , a smile without humor . 
 `` You shouldn't tell your little secrets outside of the patient's door '' , she said . 
 `` I've got cancer , haven't I '' ? ? 
 She went on , UNK my protests . 
 `` I'm not going to be one of your UNK pigs . 
 Let your pupils learn on someone else , Doctor . 
 Just let me die in peace '' . 
 I stared at her , almost UNK . 
 Her little speech was totally out of character with the sort of person I thought she was . 
 Even her voice had taken on a more cultivated tone . 
 This was someone who'd come down in the world , I thought . 
 A long , long way down . 
 Again there was something familiar about her , something -- 
 `` You haven't got cancer '' , I said as strongly as I could . 
 `` I don't know what you heard that would make you think so , but I assure you I don't even know myself , so how can you be so sure ? ? 
 And even if '' -- 
 `` Don't give me a lot of talk , Joe '' . 
 I UNK at her . 
 She could have found out my first name , of course -- that wouldn't be difficult . 
 But there was that something , some echo in the way she spoke . 
 She was watching me intently , a funny little UNK on her lips . 
 `` UNK , baby ? ? 
 Guess I've changed , haven't I ? ? 
 But you haven't changed much , Joe '' . 
 I knew then , knew with a UNK shock . 
 `` Alice '' -- I stammered through dry lips . 
 `` Alice , for goodness sake '' -- 
 `` Alice '' , she echoed UNK . 
 `` What's the matter , Joe , you scared of me ? ? 
 Think I'm going to make you introduce a drunk as your wife ? ? 
 Well , don't worry . 
 Just let me UNK here '' -- 
 `` But why did you come back '' ? ? 
 I'd found my voice . 
 `` Where have you been all these years '' ? ? 
 She shrugged . 
 `` Here and there . 
 As for coming back here -- well , I'll tell you the truth , I didn't even know where I was when I came to . 
 The last thing I remember is a bar in San Diego '' -- 
 The way she spoke , her flat acceptance of her UNK blackout , made me shudder . 
 And this was UNK mother ! ! 
 `` I never asked you for any favors , Joe '' , she went on , `` but I'm asking one now . 
 Let me UNK here ! ! 
 You doctors are all alike -- all you want is to cut up people and what's the good ? ? 
 No , I want out , Joe '' ! ! 
 I looked at the pathetic wreck of a woman before me . 
 Let her out , let her out -- that would be the solution , wouldn't it ? ? 
 What she'd said was true -- in all these years , she'd never asked for anything from me . 
 If I let her go , she'd disappear once more . 
 And Gladdy would be safe ! ! 
 I was slowly swimming down to the bottom of the sea . 
 She made me welcome . 
 Her dark cool caresses were UNK than any woman's ; ; 
 the many little tricks she knew made her embrace the ultimate one -- the ever more fantastic pressures deeper in her body squeezed not me but the air I breathed into a nitrogen UNK . 
 UNK , she UNK me , and drew me deeper into her . 
 I no longer knew how deep I was , somewhere under 230 feet , getting UNK , happier and more contented by the second . 
 The reasons for this dive seemed foolish now . 
 Only the dive itself had any meaning . 
 The UNK nitrogen made me wonder if I should remove the mouthpiece and suck in the sweet water . 
 Perhaps if I took off the UNK I could swim better , love my woman better . 
 I chuckled aloud , and the mouthpiece fell out . 
 While a hazy part of my mind concentrated on swimming down , a clear part sorted over recent events , among them my only positive act in a long time . 
 It was when I packed up what UNK I had and went to Paris . 
 It was no vacation , just me getting out after a UNK . 
 I knew it wouldn't be the same . 
 Wild UNK never are , but I hoped to dig up a better frame of mind . 
 Once before I had been to Paris , long before I married UNK . 
 That first time was good and it stuck with me . 
 I was twenty-one back then , in the army , and fog put our plane down at UNK instead of UNK . 
 It was a Saturday evening in April with a UNK rain , and I was a little high on the good taste of life . 
 I had a UNK of money , which was unusual when I was in the army , and the plane would be grounded all night . 
 In less than an hour I had gotten a hotel , showered , shaved and was out on the UNK UNK in a fresh uniform . 
 I felt like a UNK in Rome . 
 All the women were beautiful , and the men were equal to them ; ; 
 everything was glamorous to my UNK eyes . 
 There were some sweet machines other than women : an old UNK , a lean UNK UNK on an American UNK , a UNK , a type UNK UNK and lots more . 
 There was the UNK de UNK and the UNK UNK -- I was no UNK , but I was young , and this was Paris ! ! 
 I had champagne at UNK , then went into a cafe called the UNK et UNK to ask the way to UNK . 
 I never got there . 
 I met Claire , which was better . 
 She was eating bread and cheese just as fast as she possibly could , and washing it down with red wine . 
 I stared . 
 I didn't know a human could feed so fast and still be beautiful . 
 She was blonde , and young , and nice and round in a tight white dress . 
 Maybe her UNK eating wasn't grotesque because she was so positive about it . 
 When she had drained the last of the bottle and paid her bill , she came directly to my table and said : 
 `` UNK soldier , I have UNK one hunger with food . 
 I feel another of terrible urgency . 
 Is your evening free '' ? ? 
 `` Madame '' , I said with UNK UNK because of the `` handsome '' -- `` yeah '' . 
 And so off we went to her apartment . 
 She was a nymphomaniac , of course , the poor girl . 
 Toward the break of day I waxed philosophical , and drew analogies about her way of eating bread and cheese . 
 Now it was nine years later , and it wasn't spring but winter when I returned . 
 I got there on a Saturday evening . 
 I made the mistake of going to the UNK et UNK . 
 The place was busy but I didn't feel like a UNK . 
 I sat waiting for Life to come along and sweep me up . 
 I had part of a bottle of French beer called UNK UNK ( so help me ) , then switched to UNK . 
 After a few hours , Life hadn't showed , and I was UNK . 
 I went to my hotel and slept . 
 The next morning a little cognac made me feel better -- but what can you do in Paris on Sunday morning ? ? 
 So I drank more cognac . 
 All that day and Monday I drank just enough to orbit but not make deep space . 
 I read the UNK of UNK and the UNK of Cancer . 
 UNK , but sex . 
 That's what was on my mind . 
 I was turning over the idea of a good UNK when I dozed off . 
 I felt better Tuesday evening when I woke up . 
 My head was clear , my thinking sober and I was UNK to this Paris idea as a UNK on top of all my others . 
 A good UNK has that kind of therapeutic value . 
 UNK earlier the weather had turned cold and it was snowing . 
 I went out into it . 
 I walked around breathing the cold wine of the air until I found a park , and I sat down on a snowy bench where the light was dim and came from the sky . 
 There was dignity and beauty in the little white flakes falling through the blue night . 
 I had on only a UNK , but I wasn't cold . 
 I was just miserable . 
 Pretty soon a woman came along carrying a folded umbrella as a walking stick . 
 She saw me and sat down beside me , three feet away . 
 Suddenly I understood why she had the umbrella . 
 It gave her poise and posture . 
 Without it she would have been drab and limp . 
 It gave her propriety . 
 It gave her the right to sit down beside me , back straight , one hand out on the handle . 
 I couldn't imagine her without it . 
 I knew all about her . 
 She was another human being and happened to be a UNK . 
 I didn't much care if she were there or not . 
 After a while she said with sort of an UNK laugh , `` You have snow in your hair and ears '' . 
 ( I didn't have on a hat . 
 ) 
 Hardly glancing at her , I smiled a bleak one which said , Thanks , baby , but I'd rather be alone . 
 She was silent for a while , then said , `` Why are you so unhappy '' ? ? 
 `` I'm not unhappy '' , I lied , staring at the snow . 
 She was trying to make a hole in my armor , and I didn't want it . 
 `` Is it a woman '' ? ? 
 She asked gently . 
 She must have seen the ring on my left hand . 
 `` Well -- women and unhappiness go together '' , I observed profoundly , adding , `` You can UNK your UNK on that '' . 
 `` Ah , Monsieur , it is not my business to UNK it . 
 '' 
 This took me so funny I had to look at her . 
 I felt my frozen sad face UNK , and I grinned a silly one I couldn't have helped . 
 I even snorted a chuckle . 
 She smiled at me , but it was an awfully sad smile . 
 She was even more miserable than me . 
 Her eyes were smiling , too , but so sadly , and there was UNK and infinite wisdom in them . 
 `` Now isn't it better to smile '' ? ? 
 She asked . 
 Because I liked this sad person so much , I said , `` Will you have a drink with me '' ? ? 
 I could see the ancient cynicism reinforce itself in her eyes , and I wondered how many men she had picked up with this same UNK . 
 Anyway , I pulled a bottle of UNK Martin out of my UNK , drew the cork , and passed it to her . 
 I could see she was shocked . 
 `` I'm sorry I haven't got a glass '' , I said . 
 `` UNK , non '' , she said , taking the bottle , `` not for that be sorry '' . 
 She tilted up and drank , and then I drank . 
 It's really UNK to drink good cognac like that , but I hadn't cared before . 
 I wasn't going to UNK around a glass . 
 There wasn't much light in the blue dark , but I could see her well . 
 No child , this tart , she must have been thirty-five or even forty . 
 I couldn't be sure . 
 Somehow she was attractive . 
 Not good looking , but UNK and wise so that it made her attractive . 
 I liked her , and all at once I was glad she was there . 
 We finished the bottle -- I hadn't had a lot out of it earlier -- not speaking much to each other , and we stayed sober . 
 I suppose we were cold , but we didn't feel it . 
 We seemed to be UNK , sadly , soberly , in the cold , cold air while the snow fell . 
 Then she said , `` UNK '' , and we got up and went to my hotel without another word . 
 I sensed no stranger in her . 
 We UNK and made love with the comfortable acceptance I had once known with UNK . 
 I decided thirty-five was the best estimate of her age . 
 She had a funny little scar on her stomach , on the left side . 
 I think we were very tired , for we awoke at the same moment , deeply rested , surprised to see the late morning sun on the windows , which were wet where the UNK had melted . 
 I felt wonderful , the absolute opposite of last night's melancholy . 
 My head was clear . 
 I was hungry as a wolf , and my body felt lean and vital . 
 `` UNK UNK '' , I said brightly , sitting up , which pulled the covers to her hips . 
 She looked good , with her short UNK hair and no make-up . 
 Maybe closer to thirty , I thought . 
 `` UNK UNK '' ! ! 
 She exclaimed , smiling . 
 `` UNK UNK '' ! ! 
 `` Yeah , but breakfast first '' . 
 With a laugh she beat me to the bathroom . 
 I called downstairs for food and a toothbrush for her . 
 She came out pink from a hot bath , and I gave her my robe . 
 I had brushed my teeth , showered , shaved and dressed by the time a waiter wheeled in breakfast . 
 `` The toothbrush Monsieur '' , he said , presenting it . 
 I gave it to the woman . 
 `` What is this for '' ? ? 
 She asked UNK . 
 `` Why , to brush your teeth '' . 
 `` But I already have ! ! 
 I used yours '' . 
 `` Oh '' ? ? 
 I said with round eyes . 
 I wondered if I ought to go use the new one myself . 
 But I smelled the coffee , and thinking , What the hell , live UNK , I decided I would UNK my worries away . 
 The coffee wasn't very hot though , made in a filter pot , but it was good . 
 We sent the waiter away and ate a tremendous amount of cold ham , hot UNK eggs and hot garlic bread . 
 As we ate , we talked . 
 Her name was UNK , and mine Stephen . 
 We sat back comfortably on the bed with our last cups of coffee . 
 `` You are very UNK , do you know , Stephen '' , she remarked . 
 `` UNK '' ? ? 
 I grunted , sipping . 
 `` Yes , because you didn't run off to use that new toothbrush '' . 
 I raised my eyes to look at her in the mirror . 
 `` I didn't really use yours '' , she went on . 
 `` I carry one in my purse . 
 I know men never kiss UNK UNK '' . 
 To my immense relief , she changed the subject in the next sentence : `` Shall we go to the UNK today '' ? ? 
 `` All right '' . 
 I said with enthusiasm at the idea . 
 `` But not immediately '' . 
 I put aside my empty cup . 
 She smiled all the way to her wise , sad eyes , and drained her own . 
 We were not rushed . 
 `` What is this from '' ? ? 
 I asked , touching the scar on her stomach . 
 It was like a long thin line drawn through a pink circle . 
 `` A bullet '' , she answered . 
 The cynicism was back in her eyes , a bitter wisdom , and I wondered if forty were not so far wrong after all . 
 She understood sex anyway , and played at it well . 
 We went to the UNK for a few hours , then by UNK to a UNK in UNK . 
 It was a nice place , not filled with smoke . 
 We had champagne and steamed UNK . 
 The UNK brought the wine first , a UNK instead of the bottle I had ordered . 
 He must have thought I was a tourist . 
 I fixed him with a UNK eye and said , `` What's this for ? ? 
 I didn't ask for a UNK of champagne '' . 
 I thought that was pretty humorous , but I didn't laugh . 
 Two letters had arrived for Miss Theresa Stubblefield : she put them in her bag . 
 She would not stop to read them in American UNK , as many were doing , sitting on benches or leaning against the walls , but pushed her way out into the street . 
 This was her first day in Rome and it was June . 
 An enormous sky of the most delicate blue arched overhead . 
 In her mind's eye -- her imagination responding fully , almost UNK , to these UNK peculiar powers of stimulation -- she saw the city as from above , UNK on its great bare plains that the ruins marked , UNK and UNK , here a cypress , there a pine , and all around the low blue hills . 
 Pictures in old Latin books returned to her : the UNK Way Today , the UNK , the UNK of Constantine . 
 She would see them , looking just as they had in the books , and this would make up a part of her delight . 
 Moreover , nursing various Stubblefields -- her aunt , then her mother , then her father -- through their lengthy UNK ( everybody could tell you the Stubblefields were always sick ) , Theresa had had a chance to read quite a lot . 
 England , France , Germany , Switzerland , and Italy had all been rendered for her time and again , and between the prescribed hours of pills and UNK , she had conceived a dreamy passion by UNK , to see all these places with her own eyes . 
 The very night after her father's funeral she had thought , though never admitted to a soul : Now I can go . 
 There's nothing to stop me now . 
 So here it was , here was Italy , anyway , and terribly noisy . 
 In the street the traffic was really frightening . 
 UNK , UNK , buses , and UNK all went UNK at once down the narrow length of it or UNK UNK around a fountain . 
 UNK of tourists went by her in national groups -- English school girls in blue uniforms , German boys with cameras attached , smartly dressed Americans looking in shop windows . 
 UNK to be alone , Theresa climbed the splendid outdoor staircase that opened to her left . 
 The Spanish Steps . 
 Something special was going on here just now -- the annual display of UNK plants . 
 She had heard about it the night before at her hotel . 
 It was not yet complete : workmen were unloading the UNK plants from a truck and placing them in banked rows on the steps above . 
 The UNK were as large as shrubs , and their myriad UNK , many still tight in the bud , ranged in color from purple through UNK and rose to the UNK pink , along with many white ones too . 
 UNK , thought Theresa , climbing in her UNK , UNK way , for she was someone who had learned that if you only move slowly enough you have time to notice everything . 
 In Rome , all over Europe , she intended to move very slowly indeed . 
 UNK up the staircase she stopped and sat down . 
 Other people were doing it , too , sitting all along the wide UNK and leaning over the UNK above , watching the UNK mass , or just enjoying the sun . 
 Theresa sat with her letters in her lap , breathing Mediterranean air . 
 The sun warmed her , as it seemed to be warming everything , perhaps even the underside of stones or the chill insides of churches . 
 She loosened her tweed jacket and smoked a cigarette . 
 UNK excited ; ; 
 how could you be both at once ? ? 
 Strange , but she was . 
 Presently , she picked up the first of the letters . 
 A few moments later her hands were trembling and her brow had contracted with anxiety and dismay . 
 Of course , one of them would have to go and do this ! ! 
 Poor Cousin Elec , she thought , tears rising to sting in the sun , but why couldn't he have arranged to live through the summer ? ? 
 And how on earth did I ever get this letter anyway ? ? 
 She had reason indeed to wonder how the letter had managed to find her . 
 Her Cousin Emma UNK had written it , in her loose high old lady's script -- UNK carefully crossed , but UNK inclined to UNK like an old car on the downward slope . 
 Cousin Emma had simply put Miss Theresa Stubblefield , Rome , Italy , on the envelope , had walked up to the post office in Tuxapoka , Alabama , and mailed it with as much confidence as if it had been a birthday card to her UNK neighbor . 
 No return address whatsoever . 
 Somebody had scrawled American UNK , Piazza UNK UNK ? ? 
 , across the envelope , and now Theresa had it , all as easily as if she had been the President of the Republic or the Pope . 
 Inside were all the things they thought she ought to know concerning the last illness , death , and burial of Cousin Alexander UNK . 
 Cousin Emma and Cousin Elec , brother and sister -- unmarried , devoted , UNK -- had lived next door to the Stubblefields in Tuxapoka from time UNK until the Stubblefields had moved to Montgomery fifteen years ago . 
 Two days before he was taken sick , Cousin Elec was out worrying about what too much rain might do to his UNK , and Cousin Elec had always preserved in the top drawer of his secretary a UNK paper knife which Theresa had coveted as a child and which he had promised she could have when he died . 
 I'm supposed to care as much now as then , as much here as there , she realized , with a sigh . 
 This letter would have got to me if she hadn't even put Rome , Italy , on it . 
 She UNK the letter , replaced it in its envelope , and turned with relief to one from her brother George . 
 But alas George , when he had written , had only just returned from going to Tuxapoka to Cousin UNK funeral . 
 He was full of heavy family UNK . 
 All the fine old stock was dying out , look at the world today . 
 His own children had suffered from the weakening of those values which he and Theresa had always taken for granted , and as for his grandchildren ( he had one so far , still in UNK ) , he shuddered to think that the true meaning of character might never dawn on them at all . 
 A life of UNK and principle such as Cousin Elec had lived had to be known at first hand . 
 Poor George ! ! 
 The only boy , the family darling . 
 Together with her mother , both of them tense with worry lest things should somehow go wrong . 
 Theresa had seen him through the right college , into the right fraternity , and though pursued by various girls and various UNK of girls , safely married to the right sort , however much in the early years of that match his wife , Anne , had not seemed to understand poor George . 
 Could it just be , Theresa wondered , that Anne had understood only too well , and that George all along was extraordinary only in the degree to which he was dull ? ? 
 As for Cousin Alexander UNK , the only thing Theresa could remember at the moment about him ( except his paper knife ) was that he had had exceptionally long hands and feet and one night about one o'clock in the morning the whole Stubblefield family had been aroused to go next door at Cousin UNK call -- first Papa , then Mother , then Theresa and George . 
 There they all did their UNK to help Cousin Elec get a UNK out of his foot . 
 He had UNK downstairs into the parlor , in his agony , and was sitting , wrapped in his UNK , on a UNK . 
 He held his long clenched foot in both hands , and this and his UNK face -- he was trying UNK not to cry out -- made him look like a large skinny old monkey . 
 They all surrounded him , the family circle , Theresa and George as solemn as if they were watching the cat have kittens , and Cousin Emma running back and forth with a UNK of hot water which she poured steaming into a white UNK pan . 
 `` Can you think of anything to do '' ? ? 
 She kept repeating . 
 `` I hate to call the doctor but if this keeps up I'll just have to ! ! 
 Can you think of anything to do '' ? ? 
 `` You might treat it like the UNK '' , said Papa . 
 `` UNK a cold key down his back '' . 
 `` I just hope this happens to you someday '' , said Cousin Elec , who was not at his best . 
 `` Poor Cousin Elec '' , George said . 
 He was younger than Theresa : she remembered looking down and seeing his great round eyes , while at the same time she was dimly aware that her mother and father were not UNK . 
 `` Poor Cousin Elec '' . 
 Now , here they both were , still the same , George full of UNK woe , and Cousin Emma in despair . 
 Theresa shifted to a new page . 
 `` Of course ( UNK letter continued ) , there are practical problems to be considered . 
 Cousin Emma is alone in that big old house and won't hear to parting from it . 
 UNK and UNK tried their best to persuade her to come and stay with them , and Anne and I have told her she's more than welcome here , but I think she feels that she might be an imposition , especially as long as our UNK is still in high school . 
 The other possibility is to make arrangements for her to let out one or two of the rooms to some teacher of good family or one of those solitary old ladies that Tuxapoka is populated with -- Miss UNK UNK , for example . 
 But there is more in this than meets the eye . 
 A new bathroom would certainly have to be put in . 
 The wallpaper in the back bedroom is literally UNK off . 
 '' ( Theresa skipped a page of details about the house . 
 ) `` I hope if you have any ideas along these lines you will write me about them . 
 I may settle on some makeshift arrangements for the summer and wait until you return in the fall so we can work out together the best . 
 '' 
 I really shouldn't have smoked a cigarette so early in the day , thought Theresa , it always makes me sick . 
 I'll start UNK in a minute , sitting on these cold steps . 
 She got up , standing UNK for a moment , then moving aside to let go past her , talking , a group of young men . 
 They wore shoes with pointed toes , odd to American eyes , and narrow trousers , and their hair looked UNK black and slick . 
 Yet here they were obviously thought to be handsome , and felt themselves to be so . 
 Just then a man approached her with a tray of cheap UNK , Parker fountain UNK , UNK , papal portraits . 
 `` No '' , said Theresa . 
 `` No , no '' ! ! 
 She said . 
 The man did not wish to leave . 
 He knew how to spread himself against the borders of the space that had to separate them . 
 UNK rides in the park , the UNK by moonlight , he specialized . 
 Theresa turned away to escape , and climbed to a higher landing where the steps divided in two . 
 There she walked to the far left and leaned on a vacant section of banister , while the UNK picked himself another UNK American lady , carrying a camera and a handsome alligator bag , ascending the steps alone . 
 Was he ever successful , Theresa wondered . 
 The lady with the alligator bag registered interest , doubt , then indignation ; ; 
 at last , alarm . 
 She cast about as though looking for a policeman : this really shouldn't be allowed ! ! 
 Finally , she UNK away up the steps . 
 Theresa Stubblefield , still holding the family letters in one hand , realized that her whole trip to Europe was viewed in family circles as an interlude between Cousin UNK death and `` doing something '' about Cousin Emma . 
 They were even , Anne and George , probably thinking themselves very considerate in not UNK that she really should cut out `` one or two countries '' and come home in August to get Cousin UNK house ready before the teachers came to Tuxapoka in September . 
 Of course , it wasn't Anne and UNK fault that one family crisis seemed to follow another , and weren't they always emphasizing that they really didn't know what they would do without Theresa ? ? 
 The trouble is , Theresa thought , that while everything that happens there is supposed to matter supremely , nothing here is supposed even to exist . 
 They would not care if all of Europe were to sink into the ocean tomorrow . 
 It never registered with them that I had time to read all of UNK , Dickens , and UNK while Papa was dying , not to mention everything in the city library after UNK operation . 
 It would have been exactly the same to them if I had read through all twenty-six volumes of Elsie UNK . 
 She arranged the letters carefully , one on top of the other . 
 Then , with a motion so suddenly violent that she amazed herself , she tore them in two . 
 `` UNK '' ? ? 
 She became aware that two Italian workmen , carrying a large UNK pot , were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the display . 
 `` UNK UNK , UNK , UNK UNK . 
 '' 
 `` Oh put it there '' ! ! 
 She indicated a spot a little distance away . 
 I knew it as surely as everybody in Westfield -- that Lucille was a husband UNK . 
 You can't keep that kind of information quiet in a town of only UNK . 
 And I've been told that just about every town , no matter what its size , has its Lucille Warren . 
 Just as it has its Susan UNK , though UNK ever bothered to tell me that . 
 Susan UNK , that's me . 
 They even talked about Lucille down at the Young UNK League where I spent a lot of time in Bible classes and helping out with the office work for our foreign mission . 
 I never heard my folks talk about her , though . 
 They were UNK religious people , and I can truthfully say I never heard them spread any gossip about anybody . 
 Even if they ever did say anything about people like Lucille Warren , I know they wouldn't have dreamed of saying it in front of me . 
 My folks and my faith protected me from things like that . 
 And so I was really upset the first time I discovered that my boy friend Johnnie was seeing Mrs. Warren . 
 I asked him about it one night while we were sitting in his truck . 
 I asked him if it was true . 
 He gave me a straight , honest answer . 
 `` Look , Sue baby '' , he'd said . 
 Much as I love you -- well , a UNK a guy and UNK willing to -- to come across . 
 UNK , kitten , that's all it is -- I don't even like Lucille much '' . 
 I guess it was at that moment that I realized what I was up against in the person of Lucille Warren . 
 But it didn't seem fair . 
 My love for Johnnie was young and clean -- how could I possibly compete with a woman like that , who didn't hesitate to use her sex . 
 Johnnie was a UNK with a small lumber outfit in a town about twenty miles away , and he was also pretty good at anything in the carpentry line . 
 It was a vivid , sharp February morning that Johnnie first made his appearance in my back yard , bringing some stuff Dad had ordered . 
 I wasn't in the habit of batting my eyes at delivery men , but the moment I saw Johnnie , I knew he was different . 
 He wasn't only different -- he was it . 
 He had an easy masculine grace about him , the kind that kids don't have , but that I had sometimes admired in other older men . 
 His smile was quick , and his eyes held some promised secret that made my knees go limp . 
 The most unbelievable thing about the chance meeting was that he seemed interested in me , too . 
 I could hardly believe such good luck was mine . 
 And now Lucille Warren had gotten a look at him . 
 I guess she was between affairs or something , but anyway , she had set her sights on Johnnie , my Johnnie . 
 I didn't like it one bit . 
 But what could I do ? ? 
 A man had to have his release -- at least that's what the boys used to say in high school -- and I wasn't providing it for Johnnie . 
 Neither was his wife . 
 She wouldn't have , even if he'd asked her . 
 But he wouldn't ask her -- he wasn't the kind of man who would force his wife to submit to him against her will . 
 And he wouldn't leave her either -- he'd told me that . 
 He was too honorable to leave his wife UNK and leave those helpless children without their UNK . 
 Johnnie loved me and wanted me . 
 But the only love I was giving him was the pure kind . 
 It was weeks before we even kissed for the first time . 
 Against my UNK wishes , we'd been seeing each other for short rides in the truck . 
 The rides were tame enough -- mostly we talked . 
 But by the time the first UNK of spring came around , we both knew we were hopelessly in love . 
 Yet even then we did nothing much but talk , and maybe neck a little . 
 `` It's so crazy '' , I told him once . 
 `` I always imagined I would probably end up UNK a minister or somebody like that . 
 Somebody with no vices . 
 You know '' . 
 `` And you fall for a lumber UNK '' . 
 `` Who drinks far too much '' . 
 `` And UNK too much '' . 
 `` And '' , I was UNK off the items on my fingers , `` UNK too much and goes out with the boys , whoever they are , too much , and who ever goes to church and won't even listen when I try to persuade him to come back to the fold '' . 
 He examined his nails carefully . 
 `` I could walk out the door '' . 
 `` Don't you dare '' . 
 `` And never show my face or my truck around here again '' . 
 He still wasn't looking at me . 
 `` You wouldn't '' . 
 `` Or I could visit Lucille Warren '' . 
 `` You wouldn't . 
 Please ! ! 
 You wouldn't '' . 
 He shrugged UNK . 
 `` I might '' . 
 And now he was seeing her . 
 He'd just admitted it to me . 
 I huddled UNK beside him in the truck . 
 It was all my doing -- his seeing her . 
 Johnnie and I had been innocent in our love , and that was the way I wanted to keep it . 
 At first , Johnnie hadn't understood -- how could he , not being a religious person like me ? ? 
 But then he had said , `` All right , kid , if that's how you want it , that's how it'll be '' . 
 But what had I done , trying to keep us pure ? ? 
 I had driven him into the arms of that UNK woman . 
 I had just the same as delivered him into the hands of the Devil ! ! 
 So one week later , I surrendered to him in the little motel on Route 10 . 
 My very first time . 
 I was desperate to hold him , to give him whatever in this world he wanted or needed , and to keep him from the UNK of Lucille Warren . 
 And , though at the time I blushed to admit it even to myself , there was in me a growing desire , a sexual awareness , that Johnnie had set in motion , an awareness that no other man had ever triggered . 
 I wanted him , with a terrifying UNK . 
 UNK enough , it was my own voice I heard there in the darkness , begging this man to make love to me . 
 `` Love me , Johnnie '' . 
 `` I will , kitten '' ! ! 
 Outside , in the UNK fields behind the motel , a thousand UNK UNK us . 
 `` Will you always love me this way '' ? ? 
 `` Uh huh . 
 Always '' . 
 `` UNK '' . 
 And I snuggled closer to the man I loved . 
 It was as blissful and UNK a night as any bride ever experienced . 
 I had had no wedding ceremony , no witnesses , no certificate of marriage , but I had all the joy that goes with them . 
 `` Johnnie ? ? 
 `` It can't be wrong , can it ? ? 
 Not really '' . 
 Johnnie rose on one elbow . 
 `` Stop worrying . 
 It's never wrong if love is real '' . 
 I took great comfort from his words , and smiled to myself in the darkness . 
 UNK peace , complete UNK . 
 UNK delight , I later discovered . 
 I felt no conflict between what I was doing and my strict religious UNK . 
 I had always resisted the passes made at me by other kids , and many times I had thought about my love for Johnnie who , being thirty , brought a maturity to love that the kids around town could know nothing about . 
 I had also thought a lot about how God must look on true love , and so in a way I was keeping my promise to God , my promise to remain pure until I was married . 
 I was practically a bride , after all . 
 There would have been a ceremony if it had been possible . 
 Of this , I had no doubt . 
 Wouldn't Johnnie do practically anything in the world to insure my happiness ? ? 
 Of course he would . 
 He'd not only told me so , he'd proved it . 
 It wasn't UNK fault that he was hopelessly tied down to that frightful woman who did her best to make his life unbearable . 
 Just because he was honorable enough to want to continue supporting his two children , as any decent man would , that was no reason he should be denied his own small share of happiness too . 
 And if I could contribute to that , I'd do it . 
 The cost didn't matter . 
 No price is too high when true love is at stake . 
 And I had no doubts about how true this love was . 
 I'd never even UNK with a boy , and after I met Johnnie he never touched me for the longest while , not until I all but threw myself at him . 
 He was plenty attentive , all right , but he behaved like a gentleman , and I figured that , emotionally , I was closer to his age than to my own eighteen and a half . 
 What could a mere twelve years matter ? ? 
 It wasn't , I was sure , a difference in age that came between people , but a difference in maturity . 
 And hadn't I rescued him from Lucille Warren ? ? 
 She'd have gotten him , if I hadn't stopped her . 
 After all , Lucille Warren was a UNK from way back . 
 But I'd been a good girl and now God was blessing me with the gift of this magnificent man and the UNK love we shared . 
 It was only fitting that we seek out whatever joy our union might bring . 
 `` Love me '' ? ? 
 `` Uh-huh . 
 Love you '' . 
 `` Always and always , Johnnie '' ? ? 
 `` Always '' . 
 `` UNK '' . 
 Convention time in Boston . 
 A chill wind in the air and the narrow streets packed with snow . 
 From the entire eastern half of the nation they'd be coming , members of the Young UNK League , and I'd been chosen to represent our chapter . 
 I had mixed emotions about going . 
 I'd been seeing Johnnie almost a year now , but I still didn't want to leave him for five whole days . 
 But I had looked forward so much to being with this church group . 
 I hadn't been doing as much work as I used to in Westfield and I felt funny about that and wanted to work harder than ever . 
 I wanted to just throw myself into the good works of this fine group . 
 So I went to Boston . 
 The first meeting was held in UNK Hall , a great big place where we were able to meet members from all the other states . 
 My cousin Alma , at whose home I was staying during the convention , introduced me to a group of young people from Rhode Island . 
 One of them was a very friendly , lovely fellow named Ronald , a boy about my age with slick , blond hair and dancing blue eyes . 
 He looked very different from Johnnie -- in fact , he looked sort of like me . 
 I thought so , and he mentioned it , and Alma said so too . 
 After the meeting , there was going to be a party at someone's house . 
 I assumed Alma would get me there , but in the confusion of the meeting breaking up , we were separated . 
 Outside the hall , I anxiously looked around for her , then all at once there was a hand on my elbow . 
 `` Hey , there , beautiful twin of mine '' , Ronald said . 
 `` Need a UNK to get to the party '' ? ? 
 I couldn't help laughing with him . 
 `` Well , I should find Alma '' -- I began . 
 `` Alma , UNK . 
 Come along with me '' . 
 I went . 
 By the time we arrived , the party was already going strong . 
 A couple of the girls were laughing rather UNK and I realized they were drinking . 
 My folks wouldn't dream of having alcohol in the house , so my first taste of it had been -- of course -- with Johnnie . 
 I hadn't liked it at first -- it was bitter and burning . 
 But when Johnnie disguised the taste with UNK UNK , I enjoyed it . 
 Of course I enjoyed UNK anything if I did it with Johnnie . 
 Johnnie I suddenly realized he'd been totally out of my thoughts all evening . 
 But that was only natural , I decided ; ; 
 surely he was still resting UNK in my heart . 
 `` I don't see Alma anywhere '' , I said . 
 `` She's invisible tonight . 
 C'mon , let's find out where they're keeping the glasses '' . 
 I drew back . 
 `` I -- I don't think so , Ronald . 
 Not for me '' . 
 `` UNK , come on '' . 
 `` No -- really '' . 
 He shrugged . 
 `` Okay . 
 But at least come along while I get UNK '' . 
 The kitchen was jammed . 
 Strange faces , most of them , and I wasn't even sure all of them had come from the League meeting . 
 Under normal circumstances , he had a certain UNK UNK charm , with great appeal for young ladies , old ladies , and dogs . 
 Today , he looked like an UNK who had left his vitamin pills on the bureau and spent six months in space : hollow eyes , hollow cheeks , hollow stomach . 
 UNK , he thought . 
 A shot of orange juice would make everything seem better . 
 He looked around his little Eden : bureau , bed , table , chair , UNK stove . 
 Then he remembered . 
 `` You share a refrigerator '' , Mrs. Kirby had said , and somehow , at midnight , after the long drive from New York in UNK rain , that had sounded reasonable . 
 In the cold light of day , it seemed a UNK arrangement . 
 UNK bath , maybe -- but share refrigerator ? ? 
 She had explained it -- something about summer people's eating out and not enough space in the units . 
 And where was the thing ? ? 
 He remembered seeing it last night , when he put away his small store of UNK UNK . 
 Ah , yes -- his half of a refrigerator stood outside , on the `` curving veranda '' between Unit Number Three and Unit Number Four . 
 It was still raining , and Mrs. UNK cottages bloomed through the gray haze like the names they bore , vivid blue and green and UNK . 
 Charlie downed his orange juice and one of the long , skinny green pills , his spirits as damp as the day . 
 This vacation had seemed like a good idea last week , when his doctor had prescribed it . 
 `` Take a full month '' , the doctor had said . 
 `` UNK of sun , lots of rest . 
 The red pills are a UNK compound . 
 This is a sleeping capsule . 
 The others will make you a little more comfortable until you get it licked . 
 You young men get to be my age , you won't take flu so lightly '' . 
 Charlie had accepted the diagnosis without comment . 
 The doctor could call it anything from flu to UNK ; ; 
 but Charlie knew what was wrong with him and knew , too , that there was no pill to cure it . 
 He had loved and lost Vivian Wayne to somebody else , had watched her marry the somebody else , and had caught a bear of a cold by kissing the bride UNK forever , which was really piling it on . 
 He had caught , too , like an ailment , a confirmed distrust of women . 
 Once burned -- UNK , really , because Vivian had given him every encouragement -- forever shy . 
 From now on , his was going to be a man's world : the North UNK , duck UNK at UNK , beer and poker and male secretaries . 
 Meanwhile , he had this miserable cold , and as he leaned against the refrigerator , watching the rain make sandy UNK at his feet , the doctor's prescription for lots of sun seemed like a hollow UNK . 
 In these damp circumstances , he was an UNK bet to develop UNK . 
 He looked up to see Mrs. Kirby , awesome in a UNK UNK UNK , bearing down on him . 
 `` UNK blow '' ! ! 
 She bellowed triumphantly . 
 He had noticed before that the natives seemed to regard really filthy weather as a kind of UNK victory over the tourists . 
 `` Fine , day after tomorrow '' , she added . 
 `` I hope so '' , he said . 
 `` I've got this cold . 
 UNK I'd UNK it out in the sun '' . 
 `` Ah '' . 
 She studied him briefly . 
 `` You've got a peaked look . 
 Better get in out of the wet '' . 
 Charlie UNK to mention that the wet was somewhat universal , UNK being less than UNK . 
 As for its being fine , day after tomorrow , he had the unhappy conviction that it would never be fine again , with Vivian lost to him forever . 
 He could imagine her at this minute , UNK in Nassau with UNK , lounging on golden sands , looking forward to a life of UNK bliss . 
 All Charlie could look forward to was a yellow pill at noon , a salami sandwich for lunch , and a lonely old age -- if he lived that long . 
 He UNK through the light reading provided by Mrs. Kirby for her guests : four separate adventures of the UNK Twins ( At the UNK , At the Mountains , On the Farm , and In UNK ) and several agricultural bulletins on the treatment of UNK disease in cattle , UNK illustrated . 
 He dozed , only to dream of Vivian , and woke , only to crash into the night table , UNK his other UNK . 
 He took a yellow pill , only to choke on it , and went for the salami , only to find something alive in the refrigerator -- something pink and fuzzy . 
 His first thought was that Mrs. Kirby , in her mania for color , had dyed a cat and that cat had somehow managed to open the refrigerator door and climb in ; ; 
 but on further investigation , the thing proved to be a sweater , of the UNK variety that sheds onto men's jackets -- pale , pale pink and , according to the label , size thirty-four . 
 He thought about it for a minute , could find no reasonable explanation for the presence of a sweater in the refrigerator , got the salami , bread , and a Bermuda onion , and put the whole thing out of his mind . 
 Next morning , he found a note in the refrigerator . 
 `` Would you mind wrapping your onion '' ? ? 
 Said this note . 
 `` The smell UNK everything '' ! ! 
 Everything being the sweater , a UNK case , and a UNK bottle of UNK UNK pink hand lotion . 
 The note paper was pink , too , and the handwriting small and UNK and utterly feminine . 
 Not that he had supposed , considering the evidence , that he was sharing this refrigerator with a member of the Beach Patrol . 
 He scrawled `` UNK '' across the bottom of the note and then , against his better judgment , added : `` Don't you eat '' ? ? 
 He didn't want to encourage anything here ; ; 
 but on the other hand , he didn't want her UNK his salami . 
 `` Not onions '' , came the answer the following day . 
 `` UNK '' . 
 Must have really smelled up her sweater , he thought , and wondered idly just why she kept the sweater UNK . 
 But then , as he well knew , women are not guided by logic or common sense . 
 Take Vivian . 
 Yes , take Vivian . 
 Somebody had . 
 Now , if this were Vivian next door to him and if , for some obscure female reason , she kept her clothes in the refrigerator , they would not be pink . 
 They would be black or white or UNK UNK , chic and UNK , like Vivian herself . 
 UNK , Vivian once had told him , was for baby girls , and grown-up girls who wore pink were subconsciously clinging to their infancy . 
 `` Why does this girl keep a sweater in the refrigerator '' ? ? 
 He mused aloud . 
 Eh '' ? ? 
 It was Mrs. Kirby , making her UNK way along the veranda , laden with a UNK collection of UNK , brushes , and pails . 
 `` What's that you say '' ? ? 
 `` Oh , nothing . 
 Just glad the UNK stopped '' . 
 `` Oh , yes . 
 Just look at that sky . 
 Be a UNK by afternoon '' . 
 `` I hope so . 
 I've got this cold '' . 
 `` So you said '' . 
 She UNK him . 
 `` My , you're peaked . 
 You want to watch out that you don't get burned to an ash , first sunny day . 
 I must remember to warn the girl next to you in UNK . 
 That pale UNK the worst '' . 
 That pale kind , Charlie thought . 
 Hardly an inviting description . 
 But then , neither was peaked . 
 He could hear Mrs. Kirby now , warning her pale guest against sunburn . 
 `` I spoke to the fellow next door , too '' , she might say . 
 `` He's that peaked kind '' . 
 Surely there was a better word . 
 Charlie looked in the mirror . 
 UNK , UNK . 
 He looked more closely . 
 UNK , feeble -- peaked . 
 Clearly , two damp days with the UNK Twins had done him no good . 
 The sun , blazing hot as prophesied , was far from kind to Mrs. UNK UNK properties . 
 When Charlie came up from the beach for his UNK pill , the whole establishment ( gaudy enough when seen through mist and fog ) looked like a UNK modern painting -- great blocks of dizzy color , punctuated at regular intervals by the glaring white of five community UNK . 
 This weekend , he thought , he would look around for some more subdued retreat , with Cape roses , maybe , at the door . 
 He could not imagine a UNK being brave enough to grow beside UNK , UNK , and the rest . 
 The sweater was gone from the refrigerator , and in its place was a large plastic bag , full of wet pink clothes . 
 No wonder she was so pale , wearing all those cold clothes . 
 He got a red pill and a beer and then , on impulse , transferred the rest of his salami to her side of the refrigerator and scrawled `` Be my guest '' on the wrapping . 
 It gave him a good feeling . 
 `` UNK . 
 Thanks '' , was her answer the next day . 
 The note was UNK against his pill bottles and bore a UNK : `` You're not at all well , are you '' ? ? 
 `` I've got this cold '' , he wrote . 
 Not that it was any of her business . 
 `` It's none of my business '' , said the next note , `` but my Aunt Elsie used to take lemon juice and honey in hot water for a cold , and she lived to be UNK . 
 I mean , she's still living , and she's UNK . 
 Why don't you try that '' ? ? 
 `` I don't have a lemon '' . 
 He had to write very small to get it on the bottom of the scrap of paper . 
 By the next morning , she had turned the paper over . 
 `` Gee , neither do I '' . 
 Charlie grinned . 
 She didn't sound like a pale girl . 
 She sounded a little like a redhead . 
 But then , UNK are often pale . 
 He stuck his head in Mrs. UNK little rental office . 
 `` I guess that redhead next to me took your advice . 
 I haven't seen her on the beach '' . 
 `` You won't , if you're looking for a redhead . 
 She's got UNK hair '' . 
 He spent that afternoon on the beach , looking for a pale , UNK girl in a pink bathing suit . 
 There were pink bathing suits on UNK , and UNK girls in red or black or green bathing suits . 
 There were a sprinkling of daring UNK and a UNK of glorified tank suits . 
 Up on a UNK , he saw a girl , all by herself , sitting on a camp stool before an easel and absorbed in her painting . 
 He paid little attention to her because she was a redhead and because she was wearing white -- one of those bulky , UNK sweaters . 
 On the beach , there were pale girls and UNK girls . 
 And he saw them all as he walked up and down . 
 At two that morning , he was still walking -- up and down UNK , up and down the veranda , up and down the silent , UNK beach . 
 Finally , in desperation , he opened the refrigerator , UNK her hand lotion , and left a note . 
 `` I've got this sunburn '' , said the note , `` and I used some of your hand lotion . 
 Hope you don't mind '' . 
 `` Of course I don't mind '' , she answered . 
 `` You're having a miserable time , aren't you ? ? 
 Use all the lotion you want , and for UNK sake , stay in out of the sun for a couple of days '' . 
 This was a very warm , sympathetic girl , he decided . 
 UNK is a fine quality in a woman . 
 Now Vivian , for instance , was not too long on sympathy . 
 She felt , and said , that sympathy only made people feel sorry for themselves ; ; 
 it was a tough world , and you had to be tough to hold your own . 
 He didn't know what was so tough about UNK world , UNK around Nassau with UNK . 
 Suppose UNK got a sunburn ? ? 
 Charlie couldn't see Vivian offering any hand lotion . 
 She might UNK him , once the worst of the agony was over . 
 Charlie spent the next two days in his UNK bottoms , waiting for the fire in his back to UNK , and used generous quantities of the hand lotion . 
 UNK passed back and forth . 
 `` How's your sunburn now ? ? 
 The only thing , this lotion has UNK in it , and that UNK the skin , so if you're so anxious to get a tan , you may not want to use it '' . 
 `` I'm not that anxious , but maybe that's why you're so fair '' . 
 `` That Mrs. Kirby ! ! 
 I'll bet she told you I was puny , too . 
 How's your cold '' ? ? 
 `` UNK out . 
 She didn't say you were puny . 
 Are you ? ? 
 What's puny '' ? ? 
 `` UNK goes with pale and peaked . 
 Do you have anything to read while you're shut up ? ? 
 There are two things here about UNK in the UNK , and a book called ' Tom Swift and His UNK UNK ' ; ; 
 but the picture of Tom Swift is pretty sinister . 
 Also the canoe '' . 
 There was a crowd in the stands for a change and the sun was hot . 
 The new Riverside pitcher turned out to have an UNK fast ball that took a UNK . 
 For a few innings the Anniston team couldn't figure him out . 
 Then , in the fifth , UNK kid catcher caught onto a curve and UNK the ball into left center field . 
 Eddie Lee , UNK UNK playing manager , ran after the ball but it rolled past him . 
 Phil Rossoff cut over to center from left field to get the UNK . 
 Eddie caught up with the ball near the fence and threw it to Phil . 
 `` Third ! ! 
 Third base '' ! ! 
 Eddie shouted . 
 Phil spun around and made an accurate throw into Mike UNK hands on third base . 
 Mike caught the ball just as the catcher slid into the bag . 
 But the Anniston boy had begun his slide too late . 
 He came into the bag with his body and Mike Deegan brought the ball down full in his face . 
 `` You bastard '' ! ! 
 The Anniston catcher screamed . 
 He jumped to his feet and started to throw UNK . 
 Mike Deegan tossed his glove away and began to swing at the catcher . 
 This brought in everybody from both sides , while the spectators stood up and added to the UNK . 
 The fighters were separated in a few minutes . 
 The game was resumed . 
 But Mike Deegan was boiling mad now . 
 When the inning was over he cursed the Anniston catcher all the way into the dugout . 
 Phil Rossoff , coming in from left field , stopped at the water fountain for a drink . 
 Mike Deegan was standing beside it , facing the field . 
 He was eyeing the Anniston catcher warming up his pitcher before the inning began . 
 `` Keep your eyes open , UNK '' ! ! 
 Mike yelled to the catcher . 
 `` You're in for trouble '' . 
 The Anniston catcher did not reply with words . 
 He simply turned to Mike and smiled . 
 This so UNK Deegan that he spun around and said : `` I'll get that little bastard . 
 So help me God , I'll get him '' . 
 Phil Rossoff said : `` Why don't you leave him alone '' ? ? 
 `` UNK your own goddamn business '' , Mike Deegan said . 
 Phil shrugged . 
 He stepped into the dugout , wondering why Deegan was always looking for trouble . 
 Maybe the answer was in his eyes . 
 When Deegan smiled his eyes never fit in with his lips . 
 In the last of the sixth inning Mike Deegan got up to bat and hit a fast ball over the left UNK head . 
 By the time the UNK got his hands on the ball Deegan was rounding third base and heading for home . 
 The left UNK threw and it was a good one . 
 But Mike had no chance of being tagged . 
 The Anniston catcher was UNK home plate . 
 All Deegan had to do was slide , fall away , but instead , he UNK into the catcher . 
 Both fell heavily to the ground . 
 Only Mike got to his feet . 
 He went back to touch home plate , turned and walked to the dugout without looking back . 
 The Anniston players and their manager ran out on the field . 
 They poured water over their UNK face . 
 He did not move . 
 Then the manager called for a doctor . 
 The Riverside physician came down to look over the injured ballplayer . 
 Then , quickly , and a little UNK , the doctor ordered a couple of UNK to carry the catcher into the dressing room . 
 Mike Deegan was sitting on the bench , watching . 
 When the UNK started to carry the catcher off the field he said : `` That ought to teach the sonofabitch '' . 
 Phil Rossoff , seated next to Deegan , got up and moved to the other end of the bench . 
 The Anniston manager was coming over to the Riverside dugout . 
 He was followed by four of his men . 
 It began to look as if something was going to happen . 
 Mike sat quietly watching the manager come nearer . 
 Eddie Lee moved over to Mike UNK side . 
 No one said a word . 
 The Anniston manager came right up to the dugout in front of Mike . 
 His face was flushed . 
 `` Deegan '' , the manager said , his voice pitched low , quivering . 
 `` That was a UNK thing to do '' . 
 `` For God's sake '' , Mike said , waving the manager away . 
 `` Stop it , will you ? ? 
 Tell your guys not to block the plate '' . 
 `` You didn't have to UNK him '' . 
 `` That's what you say '' . 
 The Anniston manager looked at Eddie Lee . 
 It was a cold and calculated look . 
 He turned and went back across the field to his dugout . 
 He called in the pitcher who had been pitching , and a big , heavy , powerfully built right UNK moved out to the mound for Anniston . 
 The game started again and in the eighth inning Mike Deegan came up to bat . 
 Everyone in the ball park seemed to be standing and shouting . 
 The first ball the UNK pitcher threw came in for Mike's head . 
 Deegan fell into the dirt , the ball going over him . 
 He arose slowly and brushed himself off . 
 He got back into the UNK box and on the next pitch dropped into the dirt again . 
 `` UNK the bum '' ! ! 
 Somebody yelled from the Anniston bench . 
 In the Riverside dugout Frankie Ricco , shortstop , whispered into UNK ear : `` There's gonna be a fight '' . 
 `` Look at those bastards '' ! ! 
 Charlie UNK , a pitcher , said . 
 `` They're looking for trouble '' . 
 Mike was slow getting into the box this time . 
 When he finally did he had to duck his head quickly away as the pitch came in . 
 `` Listen '' ! ! 
 He shouted to the pitcher . 
 `` One more and I'm coming out there '' ! ! 
 `` I'll be waiting '' ! ! 
 The pitcher yelled back . 
 Mike Deegan pounded the rubber plate with the end of his bat . 
 He stood UNK in the box , but not very close to the plate now . 
 The pitcher wound up and the ball came in straight for Mike's head . 
 Deegan dropped , got up , turned and , holding the bat with both hands up against his chest , began to walk slowly out to the mound . 
 The pitcher tossed his glove away and came towards Mike Deegan . 
 They were both walking towards each other , UNK . 
 Riverside and Anniston players rushed out on the field . 
 In the next moment , it seemed , the infield was crowded with spectators , UNK , cops , kids and a dog . 
 There was much shouting and screaming . 
 UNK sprang up and were quickly UNK . 
 Mike and the Anniston pitcher were pulled away before they even came together . 
 Phil Rossoff and two other Riverside players did not go out on the field when the fighting started . 
 After the game , Phil was taking off his UNK in the dressing room when Mike Deegan came in . 
 `` It's a UNK thing '' , Mike said , looking at Phil , `` when a UNK own UNK won't come out and help him in a fight '' . 
 Phil sighed and pulled the wet UNK over his head . 
 Frankie Ricco sat down on the bench near Phil . 
 The other players were UNK quietly . 
 Eddie Lee had not come in yet . 
 Mike went over to Phil and stood over him . 
 `` Why the hell didn't you come out when you saw them gang up on me '' ? ? 
 `` I didn't think it was necessary '' . 
 `` Well ! ! 
 Now that's just fine ! ! 
 You didn't think it was necessary '' . 
 Mike placed both his hands on his hips . 
 He pushed his jaw forward . 
 `` Listen , wise guy , if you think I'm gonna do all the fighting for this ball club you're crazy '' . 
 Mike had a good two inches over Phil and Phil had to look up into Mike's face . 
 `` I didn't ask you to fight for the ball club '' , Phil said slowly . 
 `` Nobody else did , either '' . 
 `` You trying to say I started the fight '' ? ? 
 `` I'm not trying to say anything '' . 
 Phil turned away and opened his locker , and then he heard Mike Deegan say : `` You're yellow , Rossoff '' ! ! 
 And Phil banged his locker door shut and spun around . 
 But before anything could happen Frankie Ricco was between them and Eddie Lee had come into the dressing room . 
 `` Phil , come into my office '' , Eddie said . 
 Phil followed Eddie into the office and shut the door . 
 He sat down before UNK desk . 
 `` I'm doing you a favor '' , Eddie said quickly . 
 `` You get your unconditional release as of today '' . 
 UNK eyes widened just a trifle . 
 `` The best thing for you to do '' , Eddie said , `` is go home . 
 You don't belong in professional baseball '' . 
 Phil had to clear his throat . 
 `` Is this because of what happened out there '' ? ? 
 `` No '' , Eddie said . 
 `` But it does confirm what I've suspected all along '' . 
 Phil stood up . 
 `` Listen ! ! 
 This is the second time . 
 '' 
 `` UNK down , sit down '' , Eddie said . 
 `` I'm not saying you're yellow . 
 I am saying you're not a professional ballplayer '' . 
 Eddie Lee leaned forward over the desk . 
 `` Now listen to me , Phil . 
 I'm not steering you wrong . 
 You haven't got the heart for baseball '' . 
 Phil shook his head and Eddie frowned . 
 Suddenly his voice grew hard . 
 `` What the hell do you think baseball is ? ? 
 You're not in the big leagues , but if you can't give and take down here what the hell do you think it'll be like up there '' ? ? 
 Phil started to say something but Eddie cut him short . 
 `` Now don't tell me what a good ball player you are . 
 I know you've got talent . 
 But what you haven't got is the heart to back up that talent with . 
 The heart , Phil . 
 You just haven't got the heart for UNK , and that's it '' . 
 UNK , Phil said : `` I don't get it . 
 My batting average '' 
 Eddie stood up abruptly , then sat down just as abruptly . 
 `` What difference does your batting average make ? ? 
 Or your UNK average . 
 Or even the way you run bases . 
 I tell you when it's necessary to hurt in order to win -- you won't do it . 
 That's what I mean by no heart for the game . 
 UNK no UNK . 
 Deegan had no business UNK into that kid out there . 
 He did it because he knows for each guy he puts out of commission that's one less who might take his job away later on . 
 What the hell do you think baseball is ? ? 
 A sport ? ? 
 It's a way of life , UNK ! ! 
 And you've got to be ready to cut to ribbons anybody who wants to take your way of life away from you '' ! ! 
 He's wrong ! ! 
 Phil thought . 
 It's only his opinion . 
 There were other clubs in this league . 
 He stood up slowly . 
 He was a little pale and shaky . 
 His lips felt glued together . 
 `` I think you're wrong , Eddie '' , he said finally . 
 Eddie nodded . 
 `` Okay . 
 You'll get your pay in the morning '' . 
 Phil turned and left the room , hearing Eddie say : `` Someday you'll see I was right '' . 
 Phil shut the door behind him . 
 Outside in the dressing room , Frankie Ricco sat on the bench dressed in his street clothes . 
 `` What happened '' ? ? 
 Frankie asked . 
 Phil said : `` I got my release '' . 
 `` You crazy '' ? ? 
 Phil shrugged . 
 `` What for '' ? ? 
 Phil sighed . 
 Frankie shook his head . 
 `` I don't get it '' . 
 `` I don't know '' , Phil said . 
 They were silent for a few moments . 
 Then Frankie said : `` What are you gonna do '' ? ? 
 Phil started to take his clothes off and Frankie sat down on the bench again . 
 Phil took off one shoe and stared at it . 
 `` Don't take it like this '' , Frankie said . 
 `` Hell , plenty of guys get let out and come back later . 
 The leagues are full of guys like that '' . 
 Phil was very quiet . 
 `` What are you gonna do , Phil '' ? ? 
 Phil did not answer . 
 `` Why not try another club '' ? ? 
 Phil looked up . 
 What the hell right did Eddie have saying a thing like that ? ? 
 `` UNK in tomorrow '' , Frankie said . 
 `` UNK to Whitey Jackson '' . 
 He just didn't know what he was talking about , saying a thing like that . 
 `` Will you do it , Phil '' ? ? 
 `` Do what '' ? ? 
 `` Ask Whitey for a job '' . 
 Phil nodded . 
 `` Sure '' , he said . 
 `` UNK come in tomorrow '' ? ? 
 Frankie nodded . 
 `` I'll speak to Whitey '' . 
 `` UNK boy '' . 
 `` I'll talk to him , all right '' . 
 `` Don't worry '' , Frankie said . 
 `` You'll get a job there . 
 He needs UNK bad '' . 
 `` I'm not worried about it '' , Phil said . 
 `` That's the way to talk . 
 What else did Eddie have to say '' ? ? 
 `` Nothing '' , Phil said . 
 Richard's next interest seemed the product of his UNK . 
 His broad reading took him into certain UNK of religion and the subject of religion began to UNK him . 
 When he was twelve he took to reading St. Augustine and UNK , then UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK UNK by endless UNK and numerous UNK papers . 
 For his birthday , because Richard had seen them in a store and asked for them , his mother bought him the UNK and a little image of the Indian god , Acala . 
 And one day , on her own , his mother came home with a present entitled The Book of the Dead , which she suspected Richard would enjoy . 
 He was enormously happy with her gift and smiled , then went to his room to read . 
 At dinner one night , when he was fourteen , Richard announced , `` There is only one god '' . 
 `` Did you think there were two '' ? ? 
 UNK his father . 
 `` You don't understand '' , Richard said UNK . 
 Through quiet laughter his mother said , `` Don't speak to your father like that , Richard '' . 
 Richard seldom spoke anyhow and he didn't speak to his parents about religion again . 
 His interest in the formal study of religion UNK when he was sixteen and he substituted for it an interest in Asian affairs . 
 Although he still didn't speak to anyone , he grew fond of saying , `` The future lies in Asia '' , when the opportunity arose , and when he graduated from high school his parents sent him to New York to give him a foundation , they said , for his life in Asian studies . 
 Richard was a solitary student in New York and acquired , in his UNK , a thorough if UNK knowledge of Asian lore , literature , life , politics and history . 
 He was awarded a fellowship to continue his studies in Tokyo and he packed up his clothes , the biwa upon which he had been practicing and his image of Acala , and left to spend a week at home before leaving the country . 
 The week at home was not comfortable . 
 His mother , who had seen little of him for four years , appeared worried about his sailing off by himself for an Orient which , she herself having slight knowledge of it , had to be UNK . 
 She seemed to work to grow close to her son in the few days he spent at home , talking to him about some of the more pleasant moments of his childhood and then trying to talk to him about those things in which he alone was interested . 
 `` Do you still have The Book of the Dead '' ? ? 
 She asked him and , laughing , she added , `` I was nervous about buying a book with a title like that , but I knew you'd like it '' . 
 `` Yes '' , he lied to shorten the conversation , `` I still have it '' . 
 He was no longer able to relax in the presence of his parents and found it difficult to keep up a conversation with his mother or father , no matter the subject . 
 As for The Book of the Dead , it along with his other books on religion had been UNK in a furnace in the basement of the building in which he had lived in New York . 
 He had UNK each of the books carefully and carried them all to the basement and , trembling at having to open the big furnace , given them up to the flames . 
 Then he sped from the dark basement and returned to his room and cried . 
 Richard left America with his clothes , his biwa and his image of Acala and , on the freighter which took him to Japan , he plucked at the biwa , trying to make the sounds he UNK resemble an ancient Japanese tune he had once heard . 
 During his second week at sea he brought the curious melody out of the instrument and suddenly wanted to force the biwa to remain at just that moment in its history when it had given him pleasure . 
 He stole from his cabin late that night and crept out into a UNK North Pacific wind and dropped the biwa into the water . 
 It was so dark that he didn't see it hit the water and the noisy rush of the ocean kept him from hearing it . 
 It was as though the biwa had been eaten up by the wind . 
 In Tokyo Richard took up a life similar to that which he had lived in New York , except that he had replaced his biwa with a friend . 
 An American student named Charlotte Adams had refused to take notice of his evident UNK to people and had at last succeeded in getting him to talk to her . 
 He had nothing much to say to her but that he said anything seemed to please her and he accompanied her on some of her unusually searching tours of Tokyo . 
 In Charlotte , Richard saw a frankness and a zest for doing things which , after a fashion , he envied . 
 In time , he grew to depend upon her occasional company and she at length was able to encourage him to participate in more social activity . 
 She convinced him that he ought to be a member of some of the small UNK parties she held at her rooms and in the end he complied with her wishes , although it was only rarely that he added anything to the random conversations . 
 At one such gathering Charlotte announced , `` I was at Ryusenji today . 
 Have you ever been to Ryusenji '' ? ? 
 No one had . 
 `` Well , it's at UNK and there was a tan young man , quite naked , taking a shower in the pool . 
 I was thoroughly startled '' . 
 Richard thought it a more promising remark than any made during the last conversation , but UNK manner during the gatherings was more UNK and superficial than when she was alone with him and he was sure her remark would lead to nothing much better than the UNK words which had preceded it . 
 Three of the four persons present , all foreign students in Tokyo , had been playing a game of judging popular Japanese foods by the In and Out system , an equation in which Zen philosophy was used as the modifier . 
 UNK , UNK and tea were In because they could be taken noisily . 
 UNK was Out because it was pretentious . 
 UNK was In , Samuel Burns had suggested , because it was too far Out to stay Out , even if it was a little pretentious . 
 Richard had kept his eyes down throughout the game , the very sound of the chatter nearly painful to his ears . 
 `` He wasn't the least bit disturbed by my watching him '' , said Charlotte . 
 `` Did you watch him '' ? ? 
 Asked a UNK girl named UNK UNK . 
 `` I shouldn't have been able to do that '' . 
 `` Well I was able to do it '' , Charlotte said with no sign of irritation . 
 `` For a minute , anyhow . 
 I'm surprised no one has been there . 
 I've been there a number of times . 
 Sam , I thought you knew everything about Tokyo . 
 You've never been to Ryusenji '' ? ? 
 `` I've heard about it '' , Samuel Burns said . 
 `` There's a little place there called UNK UNK dedicated to UNK and UNK '' . 
 `` Yes , a little UNK place '' , Charlotte said , and concluded , `` Anyhow , it's all very nice . 
 And the man who brought sweet potatoes into UNK is buried there , next to a beautiful seated statue of Fudo . 
 Oh , that's what I meant to tell you . 
 This is the interesting part , Richard '' , she had a UNK habit of trying to pull him into the talking . 
 `` There was that fellow out there in the bitter cold '' -- 
 `` My God , it was cold today '' , said Samuel Burns . 
 `` UNK or twenty-three '' . 
 `` And the water would be still colder '' , UNK seemed to shiver at the thought of it . 
 `` And your golden god '' , said Samuel Burns , `` probably went right home and poured himself into a boiling bath . 
 It would kill one of us '' . 
 `` But the point is '' , Charlotte said , `` there he was , freezing , naked in a little stream of water at Ryusenji , all in worship of Fudo , the god of fire '' . 
 Richard's dark eyes came up and seemed for the UNK moment to reflect sharp light . 
 It was true ; ; 
 Fudo , the god of wisdom , was also thought of as the Japanese version of Acala . 
 The conversation went on but Richard stopped listening . 
 He found himself trying to remember something , but he couldn't decide even the nature of what it was he worked to recall . 
 He had almost given up when he realized that the dropping of his biwa into the icy jowls of the black Pacific was the memory for which he had been searching . 
 Perhaps he sensed some connection between the incident on the freighter and the UNK at Ryusenji , he was unable to put it together . 
 That night , after leaving UNK apartment , Richard walked about for a time before returning to his room . 
 When he at last did go to his room , he couldn't sleep and instead paced up and down before his little image of Acala , thinking first of UNK tale of the man at Ryusenji , then of his biwa and the invisible Pacific waters . 
 And the next morning , not sure of why he went , he took the train to UNK and walked to Ryusenji . 
 He was surprised by the sharp sensation he experienced as he approached the pool which Charlotte had mentioned . 
 He went through a gate to stand at the edge of the water and gazed at the two thin falls which dropped from large UNK high at the back of the pool . 
 On the hillside above was UNK what might have been an incarnation of Fudo , or perhaps a demon . 
 The strange creature , housed in wire , made him shudder . 
 The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not , and could not recall any place he had visited to be UNK to the UNK green water or the little UNK or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach . 
 He left the pool and climbed the steep stone stairs to the temple , and the sense of familiarity with the place would not leave him . 
 Into a little well before the temple he dropped a UNK coin and then he had an urge to sound the bell before the temple , to take hold of the rope and crash it against the circle of bronze ; ; 
 but the spirit he wished to call out would not , he knew , come in the person of the temple priest . 
 Instead , he walked around the temple and mounted still another flight of stairs and stood before the seated Fudo at their head . 
 The black Fudo seemed to stare rigidly back at him and Richard's eyes were caught by the UNK in fascination , and then Richard was shocked as , all at once , flames shot out from the sharp features of UNK face and there was a terrible metallic scraping sound , as if the large statue were about to burst from some pressure within it . 
 Then the flames were gone , the stillness fell upon the severe black face and Richard began to tremble violently . 
 Suddenly he emptied his pockets of all his coins and dropped them into the box before the seated Fudo and hurried back down both UNK and away from the temple , never looking back . 
 He walked all the miles back to his room . 
 He seemed to have picked up a virus that day , because the next morning he had a small cough and felt a bit hot . 
 He stayed home , reading and refusing to think about his frightening experience at Ryusenji . 
 But the process of refusing to think about it was an active reminder in itself and he couldn't rid himself of a consciousness of it throughout the day . 
 The cold UNK , making sleep difficult that night , and he remained in bed still the next morning , now unable to keep from thinking about the inexplicable sight of burning metal , the wretched sound , the unbearable feeling of having been to a remote Tokyo temple at some earlier time in his life . 
 All of the elements of the experience were impossible and yet the reality of them was heavy upon him and he resolved never again to visit the temple at UNK . 
 I was thinking of the heat and of water that morning when I was plowing the UNK field far across the hill from the farm buildings . 
 It had grown hot early that day , and I hoped that the boy , my brother's son , would soon come across the broad black area of plowed ground , carrying the jar of cool water . 
 The boy usually was sent out at about that time with the water , and he always dragged an old UNK UNK or a stick along , to play with . 
 He pretended that the UNK was a tractor and he would drag it through the dirt and make buzzing , tractor sounds with his lips . 
 I almost ran over the snake before I could stop the tractor in time . 
 I had turned at the corner of the field and I had to look back to raise the plow and then to drop it again into the earth , and I was thinking of the boy and the water anyway , and when I looked again down the furrow , the snake was there . 
 It lay half in the furrow and half out , and the front wheels had rolled nearly up to it when I put in the clutch . 
 The tractor was heavily loaded with the weight of the plow turning the earth , and the tractor stopped instantly . 
 The snake slid slowly and with great care from the new ridge the plow had made , into the furrow and did not go any further . 
 I had never liked snakes much , I still had that kind of quick panic that I'd had as a child whenever I saw one , but this snake was clean and bright and very beautiful . 
 He was UNK and graceful and he lay in the furrow and moved his arched and tapered head only so slightly . 
 Go out of the furrow , snake , I said , but it did not move at all . 
 I pulled the throttle of the tractor in and out , hoping to frighten him with the noise , but the snake only flicked its black , UNK tongue and faced the huge tractor wheel , without UNK or concern . 
 I let the engine idle then , and I got down and went around the wheel and stood beside it . 
 My movement did frighten the snake and it raised its head and trailed UNK a couple of feet and stopped again , and its tongue was working very rapidly . 
 I followed it , looking at the brilliant colors on its tubular back , the colors clear and sharp and perfect , in orange and green and brown diamonds the size of a baby's fist down its back , and the diamonds were set one within the other and interlaced with glistening UNK . 
 The colors were astonishing , clear and bright , and it was as if the body held a fire of its own , and the colors came through that transparent flesh and skin , vivid and alive and warm . 
 The eyes were clear and black and the slender body was arched slightly . 
 His flat and gracefully tapered head lifted as I looked at him and the black tongue slipped in and out of that solemn mouth . 
 You beauty , I said , I couldn't kill you . 
 You are much too beautiful . 
 I had killed snakes before , when I was younger , but there had been no animal like this one , and I knew it was UNK that an animal such as that should die . 
 I picked him up , and the length of him arched very carefully and gracefully and only a little wildly , and I could feel the coolness of that radiant , UNK body , like splendid ice , and I knew that he had eaten only recently because there were two whole and solid little UNK in the UNK of him , like UNK swallowed whole might make . 
 The body caressed through my hands like cool satin , and my hands , usually tanned and dark , were pale beside it , and I asked it where the fire colors could come from the coolness of that body . 
 I lowered him so he would not fall and his body slid out onto the cool , UNK earth , from between my pale hands . 
 The snake worked away very slowly and UNK and with a gorgeous kind of dignity and beauty , and he carried his head a little above the rolled clods . 
 The sharp , burning colors of his body stood brilliant and plain against the black soil , like a target . 
 I felt good and satisfied , looking at the snake . 
 It shone in its bright diamond color against the UNK UNK and the UNK black clods of soil and against the UNK of myself . 
 The color and beauty of it were strange and wonderful and somehow alien , too , in that dry and dusty and UNK field . 
 I got on the tractor again and I had to watch the plow closely because the field was drawn across the long hillside and even in that good soil there was a danger of rocks . 
 I had my back to the corner of the triangular field that pointed towards the house . 
 The earth was a little heavy and I had to stop once and clean the UNK because they were not scouring properly , and I did not look back towards the place until I had turned the corner and was plowing across the upper line of the large field , a long way from where I had stopped because of the snake . 
 I saw it all at a glance . 
 The boy was there at the lower corner of the field , and he was in the plowed earth , stamping with UNK and a kind of UNK impatience . 
 Even at that distance , with no sound but the sound of the tractor , I could tell the fierce mark of brutality on the boy . 
 I could see the UNK shoulders , the savage determination , the dance of his feet as he ground the snake with his heels , and the pirouette of his arms as he whipped at it with the stick . 
 Stop it , I shouted , but the UNK and mighty tractor roared on , above anything I could say . 
 I stopped the tractor and I shouted down to the boy , and I knew he could hear me , for the morning was clear and still , but he did not even hesitate in that brutal , UNK dance . 
 It was no use . 
 I felt myself tremble , thinking of the diamond light of that beauty I had held a few moments before , and I wanted to run down there and halt , if I could , that UNK pirouette , catch the boy in the moment of his UNK , and save a UNK , a UNK , of that which I remembered , but I knew it was already too late . 
 I drove the tractor on , not looking down there ; ; 
 I was afraid to look for fear the evil might still be going on . 
 My head began to ache , and the fumes of the tractor began to bother my eyes , and I hated the job suddenly , and I thought , there are only moments when one sees beautiful things , and these are soon crushed , or they vanish . 
 I felt the anger mount within me . 
 The boy waited at the corner , with the jar of water held up to me in his hands , and the water had grown UNK in the heat of the morning . 
 I knew the boy well . 
 He was eleven and we had done many things together . 
 He was a beautiful boy , really , with UNK blonde hair and a smooth and still UNK face , and his UNK were long and dark and UNK , and his eyes were blue . 
 He waited there and he smiled as the tractor came up , as he would smile on any other day . 
 He was my nephew , my brother's son , handsome and warm and UNK , with happiness upon his face and his face resembled my brother's and mine as well . 
 I saw then , too , the stake driven straight and hard into the plowed soil , through something there where I had been not long before . 
 I stopped the tractor and climbed down and the boy came eagerly up to me . 
 `` Can I ride around with you '' ? ? 
 He asked , as he often did , and I had as often let him be on the tractor beside me . 
 I looked closely at his eyes , and he was already innocent ; ; 
 the killing was already forgotten in that clear mind of his . 
 `` No , you cannot '' , I said , pushing aside the water jar he offered to me . 
 I pointed to the UNK , upright stake . 
 `` Did you do that '' ? ? 
 I asked . 
 `` Yes '' , he said , eagerly , beginning a kind of dance of excitement . 
 `` I killed a snake ; ; 
 it was a big one '' . 
 He tried to take my hand to show me . 
 `` Why did you kill it '' ? ? 
 `` UNK are ugly and bad '' . 
 `` This snake was very beautiful . 
 Didn't you see how beautiful it was '' ? ? 
 `` UNK are ugly '' , he said again . 
 `` You saw the colors of it , didn't you ? ? 
 Have you ever seen anything like it around here '' ? ? 
 `` UNK are ugly and bad , and it might have UNK somebody , and they would have died '' . 
 `` You know there are no poisonous snakes in this area . 
 This snake could not harm anything '' . 
 `` They eat chickens sometimes '' , the boy said . 
 `` They are ugly and they eat chickens and I hate snakes '' . 
 `` You are talking UNK '' , I said . 
 `` You killed it because you wanted to kill it , for no other reason '' . 
 `` They're ugly and I hate them '' , the boy insisted . 
 `` Nobody likes snakes '' . 
 `` It was beautiful '' , I said , half to myself . 
 The boy skipped along beside me , and he was contented with what he had done . 
 The fire of the colors was gone ; ; 
 there was a UNK ugliness now ; ; 
 the colors of its back were dull and UNK , torn and smashed in , and dirty from the boy's shoes . 
 The UNK head , so delicate and so cool , had been flattened as if in a UNK , and the UNK tongue UNK out of the twisted , torn mouth . 
 The snake was hideous , and I remembered , even then , the cool , bright fire of it only a little while before , and I thought perhaps the boy had always seen it dead and hideous like that , and had not even stopped to see the beauty of it in its life . 
 I UNK the stake out , that the boy had driven through it in the UNK part of its body , between the colored diamond crystals . 
 I touched it and the coolness , the UNK , was gone , and even then it moved a little , perhaps a tiny UNK of the dead muscles , and I hoped that it was truly dead , so that I would not have to kill it . 
 And then it moved a little more , and I knew the snake was dying , and I would have to kill it there . 
 The boy stood off a few feet and he had the stake again and he was racing UNK in circles , making the buzzing tractor sound with his lips . 
 I'm sorry , I thought to the snake , for you were beautiful . 
 I took the broken length of it around the tractor and I took one of the UNK from the UNK and I struck its head , not looking at it , to kill it at last , for it could never live . 
 The boy came around behind me , dragging the stake . 
 `` It's a big snake , isn't it '' ? ? 
 He said . 
 `` I'm going to tell everybody how big a snake I killed '' . 
 `` Don't you see what you have done '' ? ? 
 I said . 
 `` Don't you see the difference now '' ? ? 
 `` It's an ugly , terrible snake '' , he said . 
 He came up and was going to push at it with his heavy shoes . 
 I could see the happiness in the boy's eyes , the UNK brutality . 
 `` Don't '' , I said . 
 I could have slapped the boy . 
 He looked up at me , puzzled , and he swayed his head from side to side . 
 I thought , you little brute , you nasty , selfish , little beast , with brutality already developed within that brain and in those eyes . 
 I wanted to UNK his face , to wipe forever the insolence and brutal UNK from his mouth , and I decided then , very suddenly , what I would do . 
 Cady didn't come UNK easily , but this had not been a day of glad UNK . 
 Tax worries , production worries , personnel worries , and the letter from Hanford College , his own UNK UNK , a real UNK . 
 Hanford realized he had enrolled his son four years ago . 
 Yes , the boy's UNK were in order -- scholastic transcript , character references , picture , health record , successful college boards . 
 But due to the many applicants on file , would he co-operate and write a personal letter giving them his son's motivation , interests and his qualifications for leadership ? ? 
 Cady Partlow lit his pipe with no comfort . 
 This was it . 
 This was the letter which would or would not enroll his son , David , in Hanford . 
 His son who had never held an office in any organization in the eighteen years of his life . 
 His son who did not know whether he wanted to be doctor , lawyer , merchant or chief . 
 He wondered if he had played it wrong . 
 Maybe he should have kept in touch . 
 Gone back for UNK . 
 But he had been busy building a business , being a big man in his own town just as he had been a big man at Hanford , Class of 1935 . 
 Besides , Cady Partlow knew he wasn't the UNK . 
 It wouldn't help anyway . 
 Look at Pete UNK , who hadn't missed a Hanford ball game in fifteen years . 
 UNK son was rejected . 
 Hanford College , Little Ivy League , had no room for football players with low grades . 
 Cady looked at his own son's scholastic record with pride . 
 Good solid B average with a sprinkling of A's in UNK and science . 
 Imagine his son being that good in science ! ! 
 Mr. Partlow could still feel a cold sweat on his slightly gray temples as he remembered what a near thing chemistry had been for him at Hanford . 
 But then , he hadn't studied very hard . 
 Getting elected president of the student body took a lot of time and UNK . 
 He put down his pipe and started to type . 
 `` In response to your letter , I can in good conscience recommend my son , David , in the field of leadership '' . 
 He stopped and looked at the picture of his son , the picture on his desk which had changed with the years from a laughing baby to a candidate for Hanford College . 
 He didn't have to be told his son looked like him . 
 David had the same gray eyes , high cheekbones , dark hair and a certain rugged ugliness . 
 UNK , UNK . 
 UNK , 160 . 
 Health , excellent . 
 He turned back to the typewriter with a little more confidence . 
 `` His interests range from astronomy and UNK to electronics , tennis and swimming . 
 His chief motivation for UNK at Hanford is the desire to '' -- 
 Mr. Partlow banged his fist on the keyboard , UNK the letter . 
 He paced to the window and looked at the city he had helped to build . 
 How do you tell a college president that your son doesn't know what he wants to do ? ? 
 That you have refused to drive him into the family business or push him into a profession so you can say at the club , `` Of course David has known since he was twelve he wanted to be an engineer '' -- or a lawyer , or an editor ? ? 
 How do you tell a college like Hanford that your son has a vast potential , that he will find himself ? ? 
 Just give him time , give him a chance . 
 Cady snapped the Venetian blind shut and slammed himself down before the typewriter , rolled in a fresh sheet , and gave his letter the same savage attention he bestowed on a salesman who needed to have the bucket taken off his thick head . 
 What a production to make of a letter UNK your own son ! ! 
 His eyebrow went up in amusement at his UNK panic . 
 He told Hanford his son wanted to go into the field of electronics . 
 He told Hanford his son had participated in numerous high-school activities . 
 He belonged to a social club , a civic group , little theater , swimming team , and had been president of the student forum as well as treasurer of the science club . 
 He finished with a flurry of good wishes to Hanford College and signed the letter . 
 There , that did it . 
 Then he met the grave eyes of his wife , Anne , from the photograph next to David's . 
 He shoved the UNK letter into his coat pocket . 
 Better show it to Anne and see if he had omitted anything . 
 After all , his wife had written most of his letters for him in those first lean days of Partlow Products . 
 Anne had a way with words . 
 Half of it was natural , half was Smith College . 
 Yet the whole of Anne was something she had never learned in any college . 
 A woman had it or she didn't . 
 Anne had it . 
 She said what she meant and let it be . 
 She never got on his back . 
 He could take the advice or leave it . 
 He whistled as he locked the office and grinned as he got on the elevator . 
 `` You look like you just heard a real UNK , Mr. Partlow '' . 
 Cady looked at Tom , who had taken him up and down for fifteen years . 
 `` I was just thinking how things have changed . 
 When I went to college they begged you to come . 
 Be our guest ! ! 
 It's our pleasure ! ! 
 Now you have to be well rounded , firm in motivation and UNK with knowledge '' ! ! 
 Tom slid open the door to the lobby . 
 `` That's a fact , Mr. Partlow . 
 My John applied to six colleges before he got in '' . 
 `` Going to State '' ? ? 
 `` No . 
 He's president of the rocket club here , you know . 
 Always UNK around with science stuff . 
 Real bright along those lines , you might say . 
 He got a science scholarship to Yale '' . 
 `` Oh '' , said Mr. Partlow , `` that's fine , Tom . 
 Just fine '' . 
 As he drove home through the UNK traffic , Cady felt the UNK growing . 
 He hadn't told anyone , but he , too , had applied to five colleges for David . 
 They had all turned down his son . 
 UNK in leadership . 
 So sorry . 
 Limited interests . 
 So sorry . 
 No clear motivation . 
 So sorry . 
 He suddenly realized when he walked into his own pretty darned expensive house that he needed the Martini Anne had waiting for him . 
 But tonight his drink tasted like branch water and even his favorite meal of steak and tossed salad gave no UNK from the growing weight of the letter in his pocket . 
 Nor did looking at Anne ease the tension as it usually did . 
 He liked looking at Anne . 
 Most people did . 
 He liked her blond hair and the sprinkle of UNK across her nose . 
 From those UNK eyes she saw things as clearly and honestly as David did . 
 She always could sense the UNK end of a UNK day . 
 `` Board meeting tonight , Cady '' ? ? 
 `` No , I begged off . 
 Work to do '' . 
 `` Can I have the car , Dad '' ? ? 
 `` Why not let him take it , Cady ? ? 
 I know it is UNK , but it's only eight days before UNK . 
 Let's forget the rules '' . 
 Cady , deep in thought , neither heard nor answered . 
 David grinned . 
 UNK he put down his steak knife and said loudly , `` Mr. Chairman '' ! ! 
 Cady UNK head came up like that of the proverbial fire horse . 
 `` I'm sorry , Dave . 
 The car ? ? 
 Of course you can have it '' . 
 Dave ate two pieces of pie as he did everything else , slowly , methodically and with interest . 
 `` UNK anything from Hanford yet , Dad '' ? ? 
 Cady begged the question . 
 `` Don't worry about it , Dave . 
 Your acceptance will come through '' . 
 Dave shrugged on his sports coat and picked up the car keys . 
 `` Don't be too sure , Dad . 
 Charles Burke got turned down by Dartmouth and he is a UNK student '' . 
 Anne said it wasn't surprising because Charles was UNK , a lone wolf , and completely UNK . 
 `` I can hardly say the same about you , Dave '' ! ! 
 Dave kissed her lightly . 
 `` UNK , my dear parent , are here to stay ! ! 
 Get my old man to bed early . 
 He looks a little bit UNK '' . 
 Anne waited until the door had slammed and picked up the UNK . 
 `` Let's go into the library . 
 You do seem somewhat tattered '' . 
 Cady trailed her with the coffee cups and settled into his favorite chair in the comfortable UNK room . 
 `` I didn't know I looked so UNK '' ! ! 
 `` UNK word , darling . 
 Your fur has been rubbed the wrong way and you show it . 
 Need any help '' ? ? 
 `` In a way , yes . 
 Hanford College hasn't decided on UNK application yet . 
 They want a letter from me on his motives , interests and leadership . 
 Here's what I wrote '' . 
 Cady handed her the letter , drank his coffee and waited with what he suddenly realized was UNK . 
 Already he could feel Anne's questioning eyes . 
 `` I know you wrote this in a hurry , but , Cady , Dave was only acting president of the student forum for a few days . 
 That was when half the school was down with flu '' . 
 `` But he was president '' . 
 `` And he wasn't really elected treasurer of the science club . 
 He just took over the week Bill UNK was in the state basketball UNK '' . 
 Cady stuck his jaw out . 
 `` The fact remains he was treasurer '' . 
 `` And the swimming team . 
 No , Cady , he made second team . 
 Just missed the first '' . 
 `` A team is a team '' , insisted Cady . 
 `` Anything else '' ? ? 
 `` Yes '' , she said quietly . 
 `` I don't think you've been quite honest , Cady . 
 It isn't like you . 
 David's interests . 
 UNK . 
 He was mad about stars at the age of nine . 
 UNK , You and Dave used his rock collection for the bottom of the UNK six years ago ! ! 
 Those aren't his interests now '' . 
 `` What do you suggest '' ? ? 
 `` Just say he likes swimming , tennis , UNK and music '' . 
 `` Music ! ! 
 He hasn't been to a symphony concert all season '' . 
 Anne smiled . 
 `` But he plays bass with Chief UNK Horse and his Five UNK '' ! ! 
 `` You mean that UNK combo ? ? 
 Even in that he never UNK like Jack on guitar or Rich on sax . 
 He's -- he's just there , that's all '' . 
 `` Yes , he's just there . 
 He keeps the beat going . 
 He likes to play bass because he doesn't have to solo . 
 He doesn't like to rise and shine . 
 Don't worry , Cady , he'll be back in the Beethoven fold by next year '' . 
 Cady appeared slightly UNK . 
 `` All right . 
 But I refuse to be UNK honest and mention Chief UNK Horse and his Five UNK '' . 
 Anne laughed and Cady felt the tension UNK its grip on the back of his neck . 
 `` Maybe I am UNK it a bit , Anne '' , he said . 
 `` But you know how hard it is to get a boy into a good college . 
 He has to have leadership as well as grades '' . 
 Anne folded the UNK document . 
 `` Did you know he is advertising his UNK equipment for sale this weekend ? ? 
 He hasn't used it now for several years . 
 Can you really say his motivation for college is electronics '' ? ? 
 Cady felt the jolt as though he had stepped off the curb on his heel . 
 `` And what would you say he wants to do ? ? 
 Just what '' ? ? 
 `` It's Dave who is applying to Hanford College . 
 Why don't you ask him '' ? ? 
 For once Cady Partlow wished Anne would yell at him so he could yell back . 
 `` I have talked to him , but you know I've never tried to push him into any profession . 
 I won't be guilty of trying to run his life '' . 
 Anne picked up the towel she was UNK for the hospital UNK . 
 `` Just because your father tried to make a banker out of you , you've leaned over backward to keep your hands off . 
 But subconsciously you've wanted him to conform to your mold . 
 You want him to be a leader of men , like you '' . 
 Cady put the UNK chip back on his shoulder . 
 `` Dave has qualities of leadership . 
 He just hasn't developed them yet . 
 Give him time '' . 
 He never will , Cady . 
 Not the kind of leadership you mean , working with lots of people . 
 All your wishful thinking won't change that . 
 Remember what you used to say in the Army ? ? 
 You can't run a war with UNK generals and one private '' ! ! 
 Cady walked the block to the UNK , almost ashamed of himself for arguing with Anne . 
 Martin felt it was incredible that the situation had come to exist at all . 
 And once begun , had grown to such monstrous proportions . 
 The pair of white cotton shorts ruled his life . 
 UNK awake at night , he could see them , laid out on the floor of his mind . 
 When he rose in the morning , the image was still there . 
 He had always been a UNK and UNK man . 
 In his bachelor days , his bedroom had been strewn with clothes which his mother , or later the hotel maid , generally saw fit to put in order . 
 No doubt Dolores resented following in their footsteps . 
 But it was fun those first days , kidding about the trail of garments he left littered across the rug . 
 There was an UNK UNK in his grinning refusal to pick them up . 
 Half UNK he enjoyed seeing her stoop to lift the things . 
 He remembered the first time he saw her , standing across the room at a party . 
 The smooth curve of her neck , very white against hair which curled against it like petals . 
 Her hair was the color of those UNK which in seed UNK are referred to as `` black '' , but since no flower is actually without color contain always a hint of UNK or purple or blue -- he wanted to draw the broad UNK of hair through his fingers , searching it slowly for a trace of UNK which might reveal its true shade beneath the darkness . 
 So he sought her out , and spoke to her , and thought of his hand in her hair . 
 Or against her back , pressed on the column of UNK , which held her so magnificently straight and UNK , until the segments of bone made tiny sharp cracking noises , like the snapped stem of a UNK . 
 But , to put it bluntly , nothing snapped . 
 Yet that had not seriously troubled him , not then . 
 They married . 
 More he could take at leisure . 
 All Martin thought he needed was time : to what better use could time be put ? ? 
 He saw later that they had made their marriage too quickly . 
 There was too little occasion UNK for resistance , the brave strong UNK of emotional clash and meeting . 
 They had left themselves too much to discover . 
 But , at the start , his new life felt UNK . 
 Good . 
 It was on the tenth day after the wedding ( how could it have been so soon ? ? 
 ) that he dropped the shorts on the floor . 
 `` Now , I'm not going to pick up those shorts '' ! ! 
 Martin gave her a UNK UNK . 
 `` I think you'll get tired of them there '' . 
 In the morning the shorts were where he had left them . 
 He smiled to himself , and decided not to mention them till Dolores did . 
 It was almost too easy . 
 For he had just remembered : tonight they were having their first guests . 
 The shorts would not be on the floor when he came home that evening . 
 He was wrong . 
 The rest of the bedroom had been groomed to a UNK UNK , but in the middle of the carpet lay the UNK shorts . 
 They gave the room a strange note of UNK , like a UNK on a beautiful face . 
 He saw that Dolores intended to wait until the last minute , thinking he would get nervous . 
 UNK he determined to foil her . 
 I can be as stubborn as she can , he thought ; ; 
 my nerves are as strong . 
 She'll rush to the bedroom when the UNK rings . 
 It rang . 
 Ten minutes early . 
 Martin was standing a few feet from the front door . 
 He swung around , eyes toward the bedroom , some fifteen feet away . 
 Dolores stood motionless in the doorway . 
 He could not cross the living room , brush past her , and bend down to UNK the shorts . 
 Martin turned his back . 
 He strode to answer the bell . 
 UNK hat was deposited in the hall closet . 
 With the most casual and relaxed manner in the world , Dolores led UNK to the bedroom . 
 Martin strained his ears . 
 At first he could not be sure . 
 Then he caught just enough to know that the shorts were still there . 
 A UNK of giggles slid over their voices . 
 All evening UNK favored him with odd , coy looks . 
 Clearly she had been instructed `` not to say a word '' . 
 For some reason , this UNK in the conversation spread until it swallowed up every other topic . 
 At last there was a void no one could fill . 
 The UNK went home early . 
 Martin realized , later on , that he should have `` had it out '' with Dolores that night . 
 As violently as possible . 
 But he was so taken UNK , he could not believe any rage of his would make her give in . 
 On the contrary , it would only weaken his position if he UNK , while she stayed calm and adamant . 
 And if he surrendered after UNK at her . 
 He shivered . 
 Suppose he ran up the white flag altogether ? ? 
 At once . 
 He considered the sober possibility . 
 In his head was the echo of those UNK with UNK . 
 There was something about private feminine UNK which always made him feel UNK and unclean . 
 He remembered his mother UNK with her neighborhood women friends , lowering her voice to a penetrating UNK which might be trusted to carry to the head of the stairs , where he crouched listening . 
 He could even recall the last time he sat there . 
 She was talking about him that time , because he had done some bad thing , something she disliked , but `` Afterwards Martin said he was sorry . 
 He apologized so sweetly , I couldn't keep being annoyed with him '' . 
 It wasn't even true that he'd said he was sorry that time ; ; 
 he had in fact said simply that he wished the thing hadn't happened , which was as honest as he could put it . 
 But his mother told the story over and over , till her `` Martin said he was sorry '' was as much a part of her as the shape of her thin , UNK ears . 
 The battle had to be fought . 
 Let the best sex win . 
 But his resolution hardly seemed to help . 
 If the situation had been bad , it now got worse . 
 About this time people began `` dropping in '' , considering that the newly married had been left alone long enough . 
 UNK Martin wished they had delayed the wedding and gone on a trip -- preferably one that lasted months -- instead of deciding not to postpone the date until he could get away . 
 Here they were at the mercy of anyone who chose to come by . 
 These stray people nearly always insisted on Dolores showing them around the apartment . 
 Of course , the tours of inspection included the ever-present shorts . 
 It was curious how the different visitors took this . 
 Some tried to ignore the blot on the UNK countenance . 
 Others asked . 
 Quite a few laughed . 
 To them all Dolores told a UNK and witty tale . 
 `` It's a little contest Martin and I have '' , she would begin gaily , carrying the anecdote through a UNK and deceptive course . 
 While he waited in the living room . 
 Once Martin went along . 
 They entered the bedroom , and Dolores said nothing . 
 Then one of the guests showed his UNK . 
 `` You were in a hurry , weren't you '' ? ? 
 Martin would have liked to break the man's neck . 
 Dolores smiled ; ; 
 she let the interpretation stand . 
 Now Martin heard himself give a UNK of mock good nature . 
 With her eyes Dolores dared him for the truth , ready to begin : It's a little contest -- 
 Never again did he enter into the ritual of showing the apartment . 
 They kept up a rigid pretense of speaking relations . 
 But Martin seldom felt the impulse to talk about anything . 
 What to talk about ? ? 
 Dolores kept picking up any of his clothes ( except the fatal shorts ) which he left about , but he had been robbed of pleasure in UNK his possessions . 
 He fell into the habit of putting his clothes in drawers and UNK , so his life might UNK as little as possible on hers . 
 The shorts alone remained . 
 In his moments of worst agony , Martin imagined what his friends were saying . 
 The sound of their amazement . 
 UNK : He could hear the word . 
 The most bizarre situation . 
 We were up to visit them and 
 He had thought her exactly what he wanted . 
 Six weeks of marriage and I'm using the past tense , he told himself furiously . 
 UNK his idea , he saw that it would be impossible to leave her now . 
 Everyone would know why ; ; 
 he would cut a supremely ridiculous figure . 
 He was trapped . 
 Day and night Martin could not drag his mind from the dilemma he had made for himself . 
 His mind UNK frantically , seeking an exit . 
 UNK he had periods of hostile UNK in which he determined UNK , UNK , to live out his life in this fashion . 
 Nothing would change , nothing would ever change . 
 When the solution finally came to him , one night while he was in bed , he was so shaken by its simplicity that he could only wonder why it had not occurred to him before . 
 In a frenzy of excitement , he considered his plan . 
 UNK his shorts , he would place something of hers . 
 UNK he would have won an UNK moral victory , for if she picked up , say , a pair of her UNK , she might just as well lift his shorts lying alongside -- the expenditure of energy was almost the same . 
 He felt that it would be a particular humiliation to Dolores to pick up her own UNK which he had laid on the floor . 
 Furthermore , he could go on repeating the maneuver endlessly : every time he went in the bedroom , he could drop a slip or a UNK , or maybe a UNK , next to his shorts . 
 UNK or later , Dolores would crack . 
 On the other hand , if she didn't remove her own things , it would be difficult to explain to the parade of guests which traversed the apartment . 
 Martin guessed that Dolores would not be so eager to tell the next installment of her story . 
 The tale , he thought , would become less gay . 
 She had used his UNK shorts as the very image of his childishness , his lack of control , his general male UNK , while she remained cool , airy , and untouched , the charming teacher who disciplined an UNK body . 
 To have her UNK linked with his on the floor would draw her visibly into a struggle both bitter and absurd . 
 Something in the back of his mind was aware that the UNK of the plan lay in his faith , that the idea would work because he believed in it , since his courage and UNK were involved , because it was truly his . 
 The knowledge kept him from analyzing his scheme to death , and took him through the last hours of that night in a peace of exalted fanaticism . 
 The next morning , while Dolores was out of the room , he went to her bureau drawer , took out a pair of UNK lace pants , and UNK dropped them next to his shorts . 
 He sat down on the bed . 
 In a surprisingly short time , Dolores appeared . 
 To his delight , her eyes focused at once upon the two garments . 
 Slowly and deliberately she reached down and touched the lace with her fingers , then hesitated for about a second . 
 Ah , he thought , she's going through the chain of reasoning which says she might really just as well pick up my shorts too . 
 He saw that in a moment she had grasped all the implications of a plot which had been weeks in occurring to him . 
 UNK her fingers another inch , she caught up the shorts , and swiftly left the room . 
 She did not look at him , but he noticed that her face was flushed and her eyes UNK . 
 They UNK together , but Martin did not refer to his triumph , and Dolores found a great deal to do in the kitchen , UNK up and down from the table so that talk was impossible . 
 Well , Martin thought , That'll save . 
 He left for work in high spirits . 
 As he relaxed that day , Martin realized how tense he had been these past weeks . 
 He found that he no longer hated Dolores ( he knew how much he had hated her ) , and he was surprised at a UNK of an affectionate feeling . 
 `` Good old A-Z '' , Cap said . 
 `` You know , I've got one of your cars at home . 
 As a prominent UNK , you ought to be interested in his UNK support group . 
 Isn't his racket down your alley '' ? ? 
 Once it was , William thought . 
 But not any more . 
 A rush of memory swept him back , and he forgot Cap . 
 How did he start on such a ride to brief glory ? ? 
 Simply enough , through the UNK agency of his brother-in-law . 
 General UNK draft and Doc UNK and Cap were responsible for his first eminence , but UNK Freddy Bryan could take credit , if he cared to ( and he did ) , for the second time . 
 Freddy needed a job , having been detached from a rather dangerous career in real estate and UNK financing by Gerry , and it was up to Arthur Willis to provide him with one . 
 Mr. Willis bought Zenith Plastic Products , a UNK corporation of sorts which had undergone many UNK and whose principal assets were a couple of electronics plants on Long Island engaged in working out government contracts , and installed Freddy in an executive position . 
 Shortly after , Freddy had his usual proliferation of bold ideas . 
 Willis listened patiently , and once in a while William was exposed to them at a family gathering ; ; 
 he generally heard Freddy's suggestions without interest , being absorbed by his own UNK concerns . 
 Probably Mr. Willis was influenced toward deeper involvement by familial loyalty and a concern for his grandchildren . 
 Gerry began to aid Freddy with her father , UNK , no doubt , by UNK open contempt for Freddy and William's irritating UNK . 
 Another factor must have been the eventual disposal of UNK fortune ; ; 
 she unquestionably assumed that the more he was UNK with Freddy , the more likely he was to reward Freddy richly upon his death . 
 Whatever the reasons , Willis and Bryan started expanding Zenith . 
 They acquired another electronics factory , a specialized UNK company , an organization that built -- very experimentally -- high-speed research UNK . 
 Since they were hunting for national defense contracts , Adam UNK , a man of surprising resources , entered the combination as a silent partner because of his political connections . 
 Feeling his power , Freddy looked for additional worlds to conquer . 
 UNK industry , UNK toward UNK government UNK , attracted him . 
 The Allstates UNK Company , a UNK firm which manufactured UNK vehicles and other UNK equipment , had recently constructed an UNK , modern plant in a burst of UNK optimism . 
 UNK with a shaky management and dissatisfied stockholders , it was ripe for UNK , and Freddy's instinct was to keep growing by stock mergers and small expenditure of cash , and never mind inevitable consequences . 
 With UNK blessing , he was convinced that UNK Wisconsin folly would be ideal for conversion to airplane UNK , tanks , missiles or UNK of some kind . 
 At that point William came into the picture . 
 Although not much desiring the account , he had been appointed advertising head of Zenith . 
 UNK of routine by having his own firm and a UNK partner , his work in New York had given him a broader overall knowledge of business administration and corporate structure ; ; 
 and if he wasn't entirely committed to what he did , he was at least fascinated by the chance of wider opportunities . 
 Mr. Willis , eager to have him allied with the family , wanted advice beyond the confines of his field , and William set out on a serious study of the situation , including trips to Wisconsin and Washington . 
 In the end , he said : `` I'm not enchanted by the proposition , sir . 
 I know a guy named Jack Hamrick , a very bright young engineer who was with UNK , and I took him with me to Allstates . 
 It's his expert opinion that the plant isn't well suited to what you have in mind . 
 The conversion will cost a fortune . 
 Besides that , I'm acquainted more or less with the defense hardware situation through my contacts in the Air Force . 
 I think Adam UNK is guilty of being too hopeful and better informed on defense financing than on the technical side . 
 UNK have thrown everything up for UNK , and nobody seems to be sure where we go from here . 
 The future of manned aircraft is in doubt , which affects government procurement , and jet transports have UNK the UNK trade -- one jet can take the place of three UNK planes . 
 This means the aircraft companies are going to tear into the government market , looking for anything they can get and making the competition tough . 
 Here are a few facts and figures I've assembled . 
 Can't you stay with what you have and wait till the dust UNK '' ? ? 
 Willis glanced at the bound pages given him and shrugged . 
 `` Well '' , he said , `` there is Freddy , you know . 
 And Gerry . 
 Freddy is deeply committed to our plans already . 
 He assures me he has people to handle the money raising , and Ham Richert , my lawyer , says the legal aspects of the wedding of Zenith and Allstates are no problem . 
 I don't like to exhibit the deadly UNK effect of an elderly man's caution '' . 
 `` Yes , I appreciate that . 
 I wish you wouldn't tell Freddy I'm lukewarm ; ; 
 I've caused him trouble before , and he's beginning to resent me . 
 If we don't take care , the sisters will be entering the UNK on opposite sides , brandishing their UNK '' . 
 `` Which is a frightful prospect , Bill '' . 
 Willis laughed . 
 `` One shouldn't mix commercial affairs with UNK , but in this case I have no choice . 
 Let me think about it . 
 I'm most grateful to you , so grateful I wish you were my principal aide instead of Freddy '' . 
 Not to William's surprise , Freddy , Adam and Hamilton Richert prevailed ; ; 
 allied to them was Gerry , devoting much time to UNK her father , and Joan dismissed all thought of the project and William was unwilling to interfere further . 
 Zenith absorbed Allstates , stock transfers were arranged , and Freddy became president of the UNK combination . 
 Through Jack Hamrick , William fell into the world of automobile promotion and got several accounts for UNK and Clay . 
 He forgot about A-Z till , unhappily , he and Hamrick were proved correct . 
 Freddy's backing dropped away from him and Mr. Willis was forced to make up the deficit . 
 Adam , beset by changing defense conditions and the open secret that he was part of the new corporation , couldn't deliver from his end . 
 The Wisconsin plant turned out to be a white elephant . 
 Stock Willis held in abundance fell sharply in value . 
 UNK by a grim future , Freddy lost his nerve and UNK for a drastic liquidation . 
 Once more Willis summoned William . 
 `` You were right '' , he said -- `` you and your engineer -- and I'm in something of a bind . 
 Freddy's solution doesn't appeal to me . 
 In addition to other defects , I'm a stubborn man and hate to admit to the common garden variety of bad judgment . 
 Will you see if you can help me '' ? ? 
 William spent a long week end UNK with Hamrick . 
 His recent experience in motor car advertising , a love for cars of themselves , the existence of UNK useless Wisconsin UNK , exposure to exciting conceptions of UNK that nobody would buy , and the UNK recent failure of a respected but UNK UNK manufacturer called Ticonderoga Motors had given him an idea of such dimensions he was almost afraid to UNK it . 
 Initially , UNK reaction to A-Z going into the passenger car market was discouraging . 
 He thought the financing , the advertising , the production of new models , the founding of a nationwide chain of UNK was simply too difficult . 
 Then he caught fire . 
 If A-Z could buy Ticonderoga UNK and use their presses and dies and other equipment , if William could hit precisely the right promotion note , if the money UNK was not UNK . 
 They took nearly a month to investigate , marshal statistics , and put their arguments down in black and white . 
 Taking Hamrick with him , William went to Mr. Willis . 
 He was surprised and dubious , but impressed by the engineer and the report . 
 `` Your alternative is UNK '' , he said , `` and , I'm frank in saying , a bit mad . 
 I wish I was younger and less timid . 
 Well , I can't resolve this myself . 
 I'll have to call in the brain trust . 
 Are you willing to run the UNK ? ? 
 I can't guarantee you a sympathetic audience '' . 
 `` We'll be in there swinging '' , William said , `` but in a way , sir , you've got to decide it yourself . 
 You have the controlling interest and the principal expenditure is yours -- and , besides , nobody else is going to have the courage . 
 If they follow anyone , it'll have to be you '' . 
 He paused . 
 `` I should explain : there's more here for me than advocating my little dream , there's you . 
 You mustn't take a fall , or publicly back away . 
 I hate that . 
 You're -- you're Arthur Willis . 
 Forgive the hearts and flowers theme '' . 
 `` I rather like the music '' , Willis replied quietly . 
 `` Thank you '' . 
 At the meeting , attended by Freddy , Richert , UNK and the A-Z executive staff , with Mr. Willis presiding , William and Hamrick did indeed run the UNK . 
 From shock and UNK , most of the listeners went on to open resistance and UNK . 
 `` Oh , my God '' , Ham Richert said , `` a little child shall lead them . 
 UNK over , General Motors '' . 
 `` It's absurd , Bill '' , Freddy said , from a pale face . 
 `` You're leading Dad down the garden path '' . 
 `` Your garden , God damn it '' ! ! 
 William said . 
 `` I don't enjoy family quarrels '' , Adam said . 
 `` Nor crazy relatives . 
 We're here to UNK business . 
 Can't we put an end to this , Arthur '' ? ? 
 `` UNK me out , please '' , William begged . 
 `` I'm an advertising UNK , I admit , but I have to get hot once in a larger sphere . 
 Sure , Ticonderoga went broke in the UNK market bucking the Big Three . 
 Their cars weren't small enough , they didn't have the power , they were old-fashioned . 
 They tried to sell 'em on economy and simple merit . 
 We've arrived at an age for romance and snobbery . 
 We've all been rich and spoiled long enough to hate the machine age . 
 Look what those little European jobs are doing . 
 We'll UNK the consumer with a product , not UNK him with UNK excess length and weight . 
 Let's make it moonlight and the call of far places and a UNK , at reasonable rates . 
 Ticonderoga folded a few minutes too soon , before the tide changed , still honest and stupid -- and the network of dealers the company had is around waiting to be signed up again -- waiting for us , ready-made . 
 We've got rid of the steam UNK and UNK houses , and the UNK , UNK automobile is next . 
 Why not come down smartly in the world , in a chic fashion , with an UNK '' ? ? 
 He swayed them somewhat , but the debate raged on . 
 UNK emerged as the main obstacle . 
 Mr. Willis made it evident that he had contributed his maximum . 
 `` Nobody will UNK it , I'm telling you '' , Freddy said . 
 `` I know what I'm talking about in that department '' . 
 `` There's plenty of risk money '' , Ham Richert added , `` but not for anything this UNK '' . 
 `` All right '' , William said . 
 `` We'll try to swing the deal on that basis . 
 If we can't raise the capital , we're through . 
 Nothing has been lost . 
 You're up against it anyhow . 
 Why won't you give me a chance '' ? ? 
 A silence fell . 
 UNK instinctively turned in UNK direction . 
 He smiled at William and slowly rubbed his hands together . 
 `` I feel I must answer the question '' , he said , `` since the UNK later , if any , should fall on me -- I don't relish UNK spread broadcast outside my family . 
 I'm not giving you a chance , Bill , but UNK myself of your generous offer of assistance . 
 Good luck to you '' . 
 `` All the UNK have got to have their day '' , Adam said , and glared at William and Freddy in turn . 
 UNK started out on William's forehead , whether from relief or UNK he could not tell . 
 Across the table , Hamrick UNK him UNK with an UNK thumb and forefinger . 
 Nobody else showed pleasure . 
 UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK with UNK glasses and an Ivy League suit , Jack Hamrick awaited William at the UNK club . 
 `` Hello , boss '' , he said , and grinned . 
 `` I suppose I can never expect to call you ' General ' after that Washington episode '' . 
 `` I'm afraid not '' . 
 It was among these that UNK identified a photograph of Barco ! ! 
 For it seems that Barco , UNK himself a ladies' man ( and why not , after seven marriages ? ? 
 ) , had listed himself for UNK UNK roles at the UNK of his fourth murder victim who had said : `` With your beard , dear , you ought to be in movies '' ! ! 
 Mills secured Barco's photograph from the gentleman in charge , rushed to the Hollywood police station to report the theft , and less than five minutes later , detectives with his picture in hand were on the trail of UNK Barco . 
 On their way , they stopped at every gas station along the main UNK to question the attendants . 
 Finally , at UNK UNK UNK UNK Station on UNK Avenue , they learned that their man , having paused to get oil for his car , had asked about the route to San Diego . 
 They headed in that direction and , at San Juan UNK UNK came upon Barco sitting in the quaint old Spanish Mission UNK , eating a hot UNK . 
 At the moment , Barco's back was to the road so he didn't see the detectives close in on his convertible which , in their quest for the stolen lap rug , they proceeded to search . 
 The robe , however , was missing , for by that time Barco had disposed of it at a UNK in UNK . 
 The detectives placed Barco under arrest and , without informing him of the nature of the charge , took him back to Hollywood for questioning . 
 Thus it was that Barco , UNK for mere UNK , now began to suspect that one or another of his murders had been uncovered . 
 During the return trip , Barco kept muttering to himself in meaningless phrases , such as : `` They're under sand dunes They're better off , I tell you I saved their souls '' . 
 The detective , UNK on Barco's behavior , felt that he merely belonged among the myriad citizens of our community who are mentally UNK -- that he was a more or less harmless `` nut '' ! ! 
 However while in his cell awaiting trial for theft , Barco , in a fit of apprehension , made an attempt to take his own life . 
 The attempt had failed because , when UNK to cut his wrists , this murderer of seven women had UNK at the sight of blood . 
 The jail authorities -- UNK no particular significance to the episode -- offered Barco whisky to revive him ; ; 
 but the old fellow , a UNK UNK , refused it , and no more was thought of the matter . 
 Then it was that District Attorney Welch entered the case . 
 A man of UNK ambition , with one eye on the UNK of Los Angeles , nothing ever escaped him which might possibly lead to personal publicity . 
 It was reported to Welch's office that a thief in the city jail had attempted suicide . 
 Welch wanted to know why . 
 No one knew . 
 Now Welch had a pet theory that everyone is guilty of breaking more laws than he ever gets caught at . 
 The suicide attempt looked to him like an opportunity to put his theory to the test . 
 So he paid a call on Barco in his cell and began their chat by stating bluntly : 
 `` Barco , we've got the goods on you ! ! 
 It'll be a lot better if you come clean '' . 
 At first Barco was evasive and UNK . 
 But with Welch's relentless pursuit of the subject , Barco finally `` broke '' and started UNK to one murder after another . 
 By the time Barco reached the count of three , the situation seemed to Welch almost too good to be true . 
 But if true , it was the case of which he had dreamed , the case which would throw him into headlines all over America as the hero of a great murder trial . 
 Welch summoned jail officials to Barco's cell . 
 But to Welch's chagrin , the police captain UNK Welch's UNK in Barco's confession . 
 Barco was clearly a `` nut '' . 
 It required strength , bravado , daring to commit murder . 
 `` That worm a murderer ? ? 
 UNK '' ! ! 
 Then , for the first time since his arrest , a UNK of spirit lit Barco's eyes . 
 His manhood had been attacked . 
 He stiffened and rose to his feet . 
 He'd show them ! ! 
 `` Is that so '' ? ? 
 He UNK . 
 `` Well , for ten years I've been UNK women . 
 I can lead you to every one of the bodies , and there ain't four , nor five , nor six of 'em -- there's seven ! ! 
 '' 
 The next day the police captain , in derision , organized what he termed `` Welch's Wild UNK Chase '' . 
 For indeed it seemed incredible that anyone could go on committing murder for ten years and not get caught at it , even in Hollywood . 
 The searching party consisted of the police captain , Welch , Barco , policemen with UNK , newspaper reporters , and UNK . 
 Barco , his state of apprehension gone , never to return , had assumed a UNK which remained his principal attitude from that time on . 
 He directed the UNK of UNK to the sand dunes near Santa UNK . 
 UNK the cars at a fork in the road , he got out , paced off a certain distance to a spot between two UNK sand hills , and indicated a location . 
 Orders were given to dig . 
 Nothing was found . 
 Welch was worried . 
 The police captain UNK . 
 The newspaper boys cracked jokes and again Barco's pride was aroused . 
 With greater precision he again paced off a location , this time a little more to the left . 
 With UNK and UNK , the policemen again started digging . 
 Welch was on edge . 
 The captain was UNK that it was a nice day for a picnic when finally one of the UNK struck an object . 
 `` There's something here '' ! ! 
 Said the UNK . 
 UNK stopped and everyone gathered around . 
 The UNK , thrusting about with his shovel , now raised into view a package UNK wrapped in one of the UNK Hollywood sport UNK . 
 Although it was a mere fragment of the victim's remains , it was enough . 
 Welch was wild with delight . 
 His UNK grew as Barco's seven disclosures brought to light one reward after another . 
 Now did Welch truly become the man of the hour , and everything that followed in the procedure of Justice was a new triumph for him . 
 It went to his head , and his ambition increased . 
 It was apparent that Welch was in UNK with Marshall and would use his power as UNK to drag every possible sensation into the case . 
 Every new scandal which would provide more `` copy '' for UNK pen would thus mean more publicity for Welch . 
 I knew that both these UNK were waiting with impatience for the dramatic moment when Viola was called to the stand . 
 Once there , the UNK with UNK UNK would provide Marshall with headlines : `` Viola's UNK UNK '' `` Viola Lake an UNK '' `` UNK of Another UNK UNK '' ! ! 
 It would be fine publicity for the man who was willing to walk to the mayor's UNK over the broken reputation of a helpless girl ! ! 
 I studied Welch closely as the trial progressed for any hint which might give me a lead as to how he might be thwarted . 
 It wasn't long before I sensed that there was something deeper than UNK ambition back of his desire for Viola's destruction . 
 He was bitter and UNK toward her , personally UNK . 
 A dreadful fear entered my consciousness that perhaps he had entertained aspirations toward Viola's favors -- or , even more serious perhaps , that he had attained a share of them and had then been superseded by some UNK UNK . 
 I did not rest until I had UNK the mystery down . 
 Well , here it is . 
 One day over a year before , there had been a cocktail party in an apartment of a downtown hotel . 
 Viola had been urged to attend , by telephone , and not knowing the host or the character of the party , she had gone . 
 She arrived late and as she entered the party , noted that gentlemen seemed to be in the majority ; ; 
 the air was thick with smoke , empty bottles were in evidence , and several of the guests were somewhat the worse for liquor . 
 Naturally , Viola had no wish to remain , but she felt she couldn't leave so soon after her arrival , in all politeness to her host . 
 And it so happened that adjacent to a couch on which she had taken refuge was a small table on which she noted a vase of red rosebuds ; ; 
 while projecting from beneath the couch were a pair of feet which , as Fate would have it , belonged to District Attorney Welch . 
 As Viola sat there , a UNK impulse UNK her to remove the shoes and socks from the UNK feet and , as a UNK , insert rosebuds between the toes . 
 A little later the district attorney woke up , emerged from under the couch , looked at his watch , and realized he had an engagement that very hour to address a meeting of the UNK UNK on `` The Civic Spirit of the UNK '' , in the Byzantine room of the hotel where his wife , as president of the forum , was to UNK . 
 He made his way to his host's bedroom where he carefully brushed himself off , neatly arranged his hair , and UNK selected his hat from the many on the bed . 
 Then , noting neither the absence of his UNK nor the presence of the rosebuds , he made his way to the Byzantine room and , with his usual dignity , mounted the UNK . 
 The effect on the intellectuals among his audience may well be imagined . 
 The incident , aside from reflecting on Welch's political career , had all but wrecked his home life . 
 He never rested until he discovered who the UNK was , and when he did , he vowed vengeance on Viola Lake if ever the chance came his way . 
 And here it was ! ! 
 By such innocent actions are human tragedies sometimes set in motion . 
 During these first days of the trial I didn't have as much time to UNK with Viola as I should have liked . 
 In the first place , it was difficult for us to meet . 
 We couldn't be seen together , for the tongue of UNK was ever ready to link our names , and the tongue of UNK finds but one thing to say of the association of a man with a girl , no matter how innocent . 
 I couldn't invite Viola to our house , for Mother UNK refused to receive her . 
 Now the UNK had not affected my own sense of social values , but Mother had attained a reflected glory through it , which had opened the doors of Los UNK Society to her . 
 There , Mother was received by the UNK of aristocratic lines which are dominated by the UNK ( of beer derivation ) , the UNK ( of UNK origin ) , and the UNK ( whose UNK founded a nationally famous trade in UNK ) . 
 I hated being dragged into the UNK of these UNK . 
 But Mother insisted , for it is seldom indeed that anyone remotely connected with the UNK is ever received in their exclusive UNK . 
 In fact , it was not until the King of Spain had visited at UNK that Mary and UNK were beckoned to cross the sacred barriers which separate Los Angeles and Pasadena from the UNK . 
 Mother even went so far as to UNK up for me UNK opportunities with Pasadena UNK who had been educated abroad , and with those of the more UNK Los Angeles area where a UNK was a girl who had been to high school . 
 But at long last came a time when I broke away from Mother and her society `` UNK '' in order to spend a UNK evening with Viola and her UNK at her home . 
 However , such a UNK of gossip had grown up during the trial , that every precaution had to be taken to keep my visit from being whispered to the world , Society , and even , alas , to my own mother . 
 When I arrived at Viola's I was shown , to my surprise , into the kitchen . 
 Viola greeted me , in checked apron , UNK in hand , and explained it was the UNK night out and that she herself was preparing dinner . 
 I sat and watched proceedings . 
 There was to be roast chicken with dressing , UNK gravy , UNK , new peas with a UNK of mint , UNK onions , and UNK potatoes -- all chosen , prepared , and cooked by Viola herself . 
 I realized that Hamlet was faced with an entirely different problem , but his agony could have been no greater . 
 The most that was accomplished was adding Mrs. UNK tray to the dish pile , and by means of repeated threats , on an ascending scale , seeing that the girls dressed themselves , after a fashion . 
 I was saved from making the decision as the phone rang , and the girls were upon me instantly . 
 Here's a household hint : if you can't find your children , and get tired of calling them , pick up the phone . 
 No matter if your children are at the movies , in school , visiting their grandmother , or on a field trip in some distant city , they will be upon you UNK within seconds after you pick up the phone . 
 UNK and UNK twined themselves around me , murmuring UNK . 
 Louise climbed onto a stool and clutched the hand with which I was trying to hold the phone , claiming my immediate attention on grounds of extreme emergency . 
 Somehow managing to get out a cool , poised , `` UNK you hold on a second , please '' , I covered up the mouthpiece , and with more warmth and less poise , gave a quick lecture on crime and punishment , mostly the latter , including UNK Island and the UNK reaches of Siberia . 
 I promised to illustrate the lecture , if they so much as breathed till after the call was completed . 
 Speaking into the phone again and recognizing the UNK , I resumed my everyday voice . 
 Soon we were deep in a conversation that was interrupted many times by little things like UNK holding her breath and pretending to black out , UNK dumping the contents of the sugar bowl on the table , and various UNK , UNK , and giggles . 
 Under the circumstances , I had difficulty keeping up with the conversation on the phone , but when I hung up I was reasonably certain that Francesca had wanted to remind me of our town meeting the next evening , and how important it was that Hank and I be there . 
 I discovered that the girls had UNK vacated the kitchen , and were playing quietly in the living room . 
 It seemed that I would be the UNK if I accepted the peace and quiet , instead of carrying out my threats . 
 UNK to get something done , I started in on the dishes . 
 No . 
 I'm not saying it right . 
 What I meant to say was that I started to start in on the dishes by gathering them all together in the kitchen sink . 
 They looked so formidable , however , so demanding , that I found myself staring at them in dismay and starting to UNK again , this time about Francesca and her husband . 
 How about them , I thought . 
 Francesca and Herbert were among the few people we knew in Catatonia . 
 We didn't even know them till about a month after we moved -- at that time , they had called on us , after I met Fran at a UNK meeting , and had taken us in hand socially . 
 They had been kind to us and we were indebted to them for one or two pleasant dinners , and for information as to where to shop , which dentist , doctor , plumber , and sitter to call ( not that there was much of a choice , since Catatonia was just a village ; ; 
 the yellow pages of the telephone book were UNK thin ) . 
 They were `` personalities '' . 
 Herb , an expert on narrow ties , thin UNK , and UNK , was men's fashion editor of UNK , the weekly magazine with the tremendous circulation . 
 Fran and he had met about two years after she had arrived in Manhattan from Nebraska , or was it Wyoming ? ? 
 She was the daughter and sole UNK of either a cattle UNK or an oil UNK and , having arrived in New York with a big bank roll , became a UNK in various fields . 
 She UNK Greenwich Village artists for awhile , then put some money into a Broadway show which was successful ( terrible , but successful ) . 
 It was during her `` writing '' period that she and Herb met and decided that they were in love . 
 They were married at a UNK ceremony which was duly recorded in UNK and all other magazines and newspapers , and then they UNK in Bermuda . 
 No , not Bermuda . 
 Bermuda was not in style that year . 
 They had UNK in Rome ; ; 
 everyone was very high on Rome that year . 
 They had bought their house in Catatonia after investigating all the regions of UNK surrounding New York ; ; 
 they had chosen Catatonia because of its reputation for excellent schools , beaches , and abundance of names . 
 `` You are bound to get involved with people when you have children '' , Fran had told me at our first meeting , `` so it is good to know that those with whom you get involved are not just dreary little housewives and dull husbands , but People Who Do Things '' . 
 I admired their easy way of doing things but I couldn't escape an uneasiness at their way of always doing the right things . 
 Their house was a UNK Colonial which they had had restored ( guided by an eminent architect ) and UNK , and added on to . 
 It had a UNK corner ( instead of a kitchen ) , a breakfast room , a luncheon room , a dining room , a sitting room , a room for standing up , a party room , dressing rooms for everybody , even a room for mud . 
 It was all set up so there would be no dust anywhere and so that their children would color in the coloring room , paint in the painting room , play with blocks in the block house , and do all the other things in the proper rooms at exactly the right time . 
 Their two boys were `` well adjusted '' and , like their parents , always did the right thing at the right time and damn the consequences . 
 Francesca and Herbert considered themselves violently UNK and showed the world they were by filling their Colonial house with contemporary furniture and paintings and other art objects ( expensive , but not necessarily valuable , contemporary things ) . 
 Fran UNK her independence by UNK against the Catatonia uniform of Bermuda shorts and UNK socks by wearing Bermuda shorts and UNK socks in colors ; ; 
 bright UNK and UNK and vivid stripes . 
 Sometimes she even wore the uniform in solid , unrelieved black , and with her blonde hair cut so closely , wearing this uniform , she strongly resembled a member of the UNK . 
 No one could dislike them , I thought . 
 Sometimes , though , they did not seem quite human . 
 It seemed , indeed , that their house was not so much a home , but rather a perfect stage set , and that they were actors who had been handed fat roles in a successful play , and had talent enough to fill the roles competently , with nice understatement . 
 Practically the only enthusiasm they showed was when they were discussing `` names '' ; ; 
 even brand names . 
 You should hear the reverence in UNK voice when she said `` UNK '' or `` UNK '' or `` Madame Alexander '' . 
 She always let it be known that there was wine in the pot roast or that the chicken had been UNK in brandy , and that UNK second cousin was an intimate of theirs . 
 I wouldn't have wasted time puzzling over this couple were it not for my fear that all the other inhabitants of Catatonia were equally unreal . 
 I couldn't feel at home among them . 
 Besides Francesca , there was Blanche . 
 Francesca was pleasant and charming , but Blanche was sweet . 
 Yes , Blanche was very , very sweet -- being in her company was like being drowned in warm , melted UNK . 
 I had once been a witness when Blanche had smiled and said with only minimum UNK , `` Oh , my UNK has collapsed '' . 
 Anyone knows how a real , UNK woman would react to such a catastrophe ! ! 
 If Blanche had been honest , she would have yelled , slammed at least a couple of doors , and thrown a few little , UNK things . 
 But dear me , no ; ; 
 not Blanche . 
 After five minutes with Blanche , one might welcome the UNK of Grazie , who was a sort of UNK UNK to UNK UNK UNK . 
 Francesca and Grazie were habitual committee chairmen and they usually managed to be elected UNK , equal bosses , of whatever UNK or civic project was being launched . 
 They were inseparable , not because they were fond of each other , but because they wanted to keep an eye on each other , as they were keen UNK for social leadership . 
 Grazie was mean : quietly mean , and bitterly , UNK UNK . 
 She it was who had looked to see if I was wearing shoes upon learning that I couldn't drive . 
 Grazie had a small , slick head and her hair and skin were the color of golden toast . 
 She lived in an UNK house whose decoration , appointments , paint , and even pets were chosen to complement her coloring ; ; 
 the pets were a couple of Siamese cats . 
 Her uniform was of rich , raw silk , in a shade which matched her hair , skin , UNK , and cats , and since she was so thin as to be almost shapeless , she rather resembled a frozen fish stick . 
 The husbands of these women and others I had met in Catatonia were distinguished only in that they were , to me at least , UNK . 
 I couldn't tell one from the other . 
 Like Herbert , they were all in communications : radio , television , magazines , and advertising . 
 One or two were writers of books ; ; 
 all were fellows of finite charm . 
 Each had developed a UNK chuckle and the habit of saying `` UNK '' ! ! 
 In deference to UNK . 
 I never thought I'd live to hear people chuckle and say `` UNK '' ! ! 
 In real life . 
 I wouldn't have missed it for anything . 
 They were `` sincere '' -- men of the UNK UNK and the urgent smile . 
 These boys acknowledged an introduction to anybody by gently pressing one of his hands in both of theirs , while they gazed , UNK with care , into the eyes of the person they were meeting . 
 Could such UNK love , for a total stranger , be credited ? ? 
 They were always UNK to light cigarettes , open car doors , fill plates or glasses , and I UNK the whole lot of them to the same degree that I UNK UNK shops that called themselves `` UNK Bake UNK '' . 
 `` O ! ! 
 UNK ! ! 
 '' I thought , and wondered what kind of UNK such odd UNK would establish in this suburban frontier ; ; 
 UNK who looked like UNK UNK even at UNK conferences and who never called the school principal `` Mister '' . 
 I sighed , thinking that among other things , people here seemed to be those who would have to cut down if they earned less than UNK yearly ; ; 
 people who would give their teeth for a chance to get on `` Person to Person '' ; ; 
 people who thought it was nice to be important , but not important to be nice ; ; 
 who were more ingratiating than gracious , more personalities than persons . 
 In my estimation , they were people who read UNK UNK UNK , and discussed Kafka ; ; 
 well , not discussed him exactly , but said , `` Kafka '' ! ! 
 UNK and raised their eyes , as if they were at a loss to describe how they felt about Kafka , which they were , because they had no opinions about Kafka , not having read Kafka . 
 They were , I felt , people invariably trying to prove not who , but what they were , and trying to determine what , not who , others were . 
 UNK aware that it was nearly UNK , I brought myself back to the tasks at hand . 
 I made plans for the afternoon -- doing the breakfast and luncheon dishes all at once , making the beds , and then maybe painting the kitchen . 
 Then , I remembered that the girls had had a banana for dessert every day for the last week . 
 `` UNK '' ! ! 
 UNK had shouted each time . 
 `` They're not dessert ! ! 
 They're not even food . 
 They're just something you're supposed to put on cereal for breakfast '' . 
 I dug around and found a mix , and was able to surprise them with a UNK cake with chocolate UNK . 
 ( Sometimes I think you need only one rule for cooking : if you can't put garlic in it , put chocolate in it . 
 ) 
 The cake was received in a stunned silence that was evidence in itself of the UNK of taste UNK Mama had been providing . 
 Then UNK closed her eyes , stretched forth her arms , and said : `` Take my hand , Louise ; ; 
 I'm a stranger in paradise '' . 
 Needless to say , I was furious at this UNK UNK upon free enterprise . 
 How dared they demand to `` UNK '' in private financial records , UNK , confidential contracts and agreements ? ? 
 `` It is as though '' , I said on the historic UNK , UNK radio broadcast which I bought ( following Father Coughlin and UNK the Eddie UNK , Manhattan UNK and Major UNK shows ) `` That Man in the White House , like some UNK of UNK , insisted on reading my UNK , UNK my UNK and UNK my UNK ! ! 
 '' My impassioned plea for civil rights created a UNK of correspondence and one sponsor even asked me to consider replacing the Eddie UNK comedy hour on a permanent basis . 
 But what quarter could a poor UNK woman expect from a dictator who would even make so bold as to close all of the banks in our great nation ? ? 
 The savage UNK UNK of red Russian Communism descended on the Athens that was mighty UNK , UNK and UNK with their UNK battle cry of `` UNK the rich ' ! ! 
 After an unspeakable siege , lasting the better part of two months , it was announced that the studio `` owed '' the government a tax debt in excess of eight million dollars while I , who had always remained aloof from such UNK practices as paying taxes on the salary I had earned and the little I legally inherited as UNK helpless UNK , was `` UNK '' with a personal bill of such astronomical proportions as to `` wipe out '' all but a fraction of my poor , UNK savings . 
 I was also publicly UNK , dragged through the mud by the radical press and made a figure of fun by such UNK publications as The New Republic , The New Yorker , Time and The Christian Science UNK . 
 It was then that I UNK myself of the rights of a citizen and declared the income tax UNK . 
 The litigation was costly and seemingly endless . 
 I fought like a UNK but by the time I appealed my case to the Supreme Court ( 1937 ) , Mr. Roosevelt and his `` UNK '' had done their `` dirty work '' all too well , even going so far as to attempt to `` pack '' the highest tribunal in the land in order to defeat little me . 
 Presidential coercion had succeeded not only in UNK the courtiers , `` UNK '' and UNK of the `` bench '' against me , but it had been so far-reaching as to discourage any lawyer in the nation from representing me ! ! 
 I was ready , like UNK , to present my own brief . 
 But the Supreme Court wouldn't even hear my case ! ! 
 My plea was unanimously voted down and `` thrown out '' . 
 Again , my name was on all the front pages . 
 I was , it seemed , UNK non UNK in every quarter , but not entirely without a UNK following of noted political thinkers and students of UNK . 
 As Charles Evans Hughes said , `` Miss UNK limitations as an actress are exceeded only by her logic as a UNK '' . 
 Albert UNK was quoted as saying : `` The workings of the woman's mind UNK me '' . 
 Henry Ford spoke of me as `` utterly astounding '' . 
 Heywood UNK wrote : `` UNK UNK is the most original thinker since UNK '' , and even UNK had to concede that `` if the rest of this nation showed the foresight and patriotism of Miss UNK , America would rapidly resemble ancient UNK and UNK '' . 
 Not only were the court costs UNK , but I was subjected to crippling UNK , in addition to UNK interest on the unpaid `` debts '' which the government claimed that UNK and I owed -- a severe financial blow . 
 Nor , as UNK said , had the UNK done my career `` any good '' . 
 My enemies were only too anxious to level against me such charges as `` reactionary '' , `` UNK UNK '' , and even `` UNK '' ! ! 
 UNK indeed ! ! 
 I point now with pride to the fact that , long UNK the Committee on UNK Activities , the UNK Women , the Economic Council and other such notable `` UNK '' organizations were so much as heard of , I was Hollywood's leading bulwark against communism , fighting UNK `` creeping socialism '' against such UNK odds as the UNK troops of the UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK and an army of more than twenty-two million mercenaries whom UNK employed secretly , through the transparent UNK of regular `` relief '' checks . 
 Needless to say , my art suffered drastically during this UNK period . 
 Could it do otherwise ? ? 
 Even though I have always had a genius for `` throwing myself '' into every role and `` playing it for all it's worth '' , no actress can be expected to do her best work when her fortune , her reputation , her livelihood , her home and her nation itself are all UNK . 
 Such sweeping UNK are hardly UNK to `` Oscar '' winning performances . 
 I tried my hardest , with little help , may I say , from my husband and leading man , but somehow the outside pressures were too severe . 
 Having ( through my UNK effort and devotion ) achieved UNK , a fortune and a UNK wife at an age when most young men are casting their first vote , Letch proceeded to neglect them all . 
 Never a `` quick study '' , he now made no attempt to learn his `` lines '' and many a mile of film was wasted , many a scene -- sometimes involving as many as a thousand fellow UNK -- was taken thirty , forty , fifty times because Miss UNK UNK and `` UNK '' had never learned his part . 
 Each time Letch `` went up '' in his `` lines '' , I was the one to be patient , helpful and UNK while he indulged in outbursts of temperament , profanity and abuse , UNK others , going into `` UNK '' and , on more occasions than I care to count , UNK off the `` set '' for the rest of the day . 
 As for his finances , I was never privileged to know exactly how much money Letch had `` UNK away '' . 
 It was I who paid for our little home , the food , the liquor , the servants -- even UNK bills at his UNK and the Los Angeles Athletic Club . 
 Never once did he buy me a single gift and for our third anniversary he gave me a UNK jaw . 
 ( But that is another story . 
 ) As for his private UNK , they were rapidly UNK in drinking , UNK and UNK . 
 More than once I was confronted by professional gamblers , `` UNK '' , loan `` UNK '' , gangsters , `` UNK '' and `` finger men '' -- people of a class I did not even know existed -- to repay my husband's staggering losses , `` or else '' I shuddered to think that someone so dear to me could even associate with such a sinister milieu . 
 And at three different times during our UNK marriage strange girls , with the UNK of accents , telephoned to announce to me that Letch had UNK their unborn children ! ! 
 Having the deepest of maternal instincts , my heart fairly UNK when I thought of the darling pink and white `` bundles from heaven '' I would have proudly given my husband . 
 `` Ah , you're too old '' , was invariably his UNK and UNK retort whenever I suggested `` starting a family '' . 
 Letch had made it UNK clear that he did not care for the company of my own precious daughter . 
 I now felt it wiser to keep UNK in school and -- during the summers -- at a camp run by the Society of Friends all year around . 
 Her presence only made Letch more distant and irritable and , in the hurry of buying UNK UNK , I had neglected to consider a room for UNK , so there was no place to put her , anyhow . 
 ( I sometimes feel that God , in His infinite wisdom , wants us to have these inexplicable little lapses of memory . 
 It almost always works out for the best . 
 ) 
 Yet I UNK this man , Letch UNK , why , I cannot say . 
 With faint heart and a brave smile , I endured his long UNK from UNK UNK , his coldness , his indifference , his UNK and his abuse . 
 The times I can recall when I was publicly UNK by him -- lovely dinner parties in our UNK Suite where the UNK was postponed and postponed and postponed , only to be served dry and UNK at a table where the host's chair was vacant ; ; 
 a `` UNK party '' at the new pool , which I had built in the hope of keeping Letch away from public beaches , when Letch and a certain UNK stayed underwater together for the better part of an hour ; ; 
 a lovely UNK party at UNK UNK , on which sacred occasion Letch stole away with an unknown `` UNK '' , leaving me `` high and dry '' to get home as best I could . 
 These are but a sampling of the UNK I endured . 
 As Mrs. Letch UNK , was it any wonder that I , once the social arbiter of UNK , was excluded from the smart UNK given by the UNK , the UNK , the Gables , the UNK , the UNK , the UNK , the UNK and such UNK , closely knit families as the UNK and the UNK ? ? 
 As UNK UNK conduct increased , our invitations decreased and my heart was in my mouth whenever I played hostess at a fashionable `` UNK '' gathering . 
 Between 1935 and 1939 Letch and I made ten films together , each less successful , both artistically and commercially , than the one before it . 
 Our last joint venture , UNK Lady , a deeply religious film based on the life of Mother Cabrini , and timed so that its release date would coincide with the UNK of America's first saint in November , 1938 , was a fiasco from start to finish . 
 As I was playing Mother Cabrini , the picture was actually `` all mine '' , with nearly every scene built around me . 
 But in order to keep Letch in the public eye and out of trouble , I wrote in a part especially for him -- that of a dashing UNK who `` sees the light '' and is saved by the inspiring example of Mother Cabrini . 
 And did he appreciate my efforts on his behalf ? ? 
 Did he trouble to UNK the very small part which I had `` UNK '' to his specifications , a role eventually cut down to three short speeches ? ? 
 Did he show the rest of the cast -- numbering four thousand -- the consideration of arriving at the studio UNK -- or even at all ? ? 
 He did not ! ! 
 The `` shooting '' went on for eight months ! ! 
 Most of our working days were spent on the telephone calling `` UNK '' , illegal gambling UNK , a certain `` residential club for young UNK '' , more than a hundred different bars or the steam room of the athletic club . 
 Whenever he UNK to appear at the studio he was `` hung over '' , UNK , rude and insulting . 
 He made many UNK , UNK and UNK remarks , not only about me in the title role , but about religion in general . 
 By the time the film was released we were three million dollars UNK , war was UNK and the public apparently had forgotten all about Mother Cabrini . 
 Thanks to Letch UNK and the terrible strain he imposed on me , the notices were few and unfavorable . 
 Only George UNK seemed to understand and appreciate the film when he wrote : `` Miss UNK has UNK the most eloquent argument for the Protestant faith yet UNK by Hollywood '' . 
 But it was small UNK . 
 In a rare fit of anger and spite , I `` UNK out '' my own husband to a small and most UNK studio to make one picture as a form of punishment . 
 ( An actor must have discipline . 
 ) The film was called The UNK of UNK , which I felt was just what Letch deserved . 
 It turned out to be a life of Martin Luther , of all things ! ! 
 It was a disaster ! ! 
 In clothes , Letch simply did not project . 
 He was laughed off the screen . 
 At the same time , however , I UNK myself of the services of that great English actor and master of make-up , Sir UNK Pratt , to do a `` UNK '' called The UNK of the Mad UNK , in which I played a young American girl who UNK a haunted castle on the English UNK which is filled with secret passages and sliding panels and , UNK to anyone , is still occupied by an eccentric maniac . 
 It was a `` UNK '' made on a `` UNK '' and not the sort of film I like , as all I had to do was look blank and scream a great deal . 
 My heart was not in it , but , oddly enough , it remains the most financially successful picture of my career . 
 ( I watched it on television late one night last week and it `` stands up '' remarkably well , even twenty years later . 
 ) 
 Letch had returned from his UNK UNK and more badly behaved than before . 
 I really loved that boy , and , in a feverish attempt to preserve our marriage and to try to revive the wonderful , wonderful person Letch had once been , I took my troubles to UNK , hoping that her earthy advice would help me . 
 `` If I could only think of something at the studio , near me , to absorb his UNK energy '' , I said . 
 `` What is Letch interested in '' ? ? 
 `` UNK , booze and UNK '' , UNK said bluntly . 
 Her reply UNK me , but this was too important to let my hurt make any difference . 
 `` I can't turn the studio into a gambling hell or a saloon '' , I said . 
 Up to date , however , his garden was still more or less of a mess , he hadn't even started his workshop and if there was a meadow pond in the neighborhood he hadn't found it . 
 It wasn't his fault that these things were so . 
 The difficulty was that each day seemed to produce its UNK of details which must be cleaned up immediately . 
 As a result , life had become a kind of continuous UNK . 
 Once he disposed of these items which screamed so harshly for attention , he could undertake the things which really counted . 
 Then , at last , his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read , or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon , accompanied by his dogs . 
 His dogs ? ? 
 He had almost forgotten them , although they had played such an important part in his early dreams . 
 Then they had always been UNK around him on these walks , UNK with delight , dashing off into the bushes on fruitless hunting expeditions , returning to jump up on him triumphantly with muddy UNK . 
 UNK did something to one's ego . 
 They were constantly assuring you that you were one of the world's great guys . 
 Regardless of how much of a slob you knew yourself to be , you could be certain they would never find out -- and even if they did it would make no difference . 
 Now it became increasingly apparent that there were to be no dogs in the picture . 
 What in the world were you going to do with a lot of dogs when you left for town on Monday afternoons ? ? 
 You certainly couldn't take them into the little apartment and if you tried to farm them out for two or three days every week they would become so confused that they would have nervous UNK . 
 Why in the world couldn't he live in one place the way everyone else seemed to ? ? 
 It worried him , this inability to get the simplest things done in the course of a day . 
 He would wake up in the middle of the night and UNK about it . 
 How in the world had he formerly found time to build up a business , raise a family , be on half a dozen boards , work actively on committees and either go out in the evening or plow through the contents of a UNK brief case ? ? 
 Was it possible that as people grow older the nature of time changed ? ? 
 Could it be that it UNK up for the aged in some mysterious way , as if a bored universe were UNK through the end of the chapter just to get it over with ? ? 
 Or was the answer less metaphysical ? ? 
 Did older people work more slowly ? ? 
 Did it take a man of sixty-five longer to write a letter , shave , clean out a barn , read a newspaper , than a man of thirty ? ? 
 Did men become UNK as they grew older , UNK , UNK , reluctant to let go ? ? 
 It might be that certain people were born with a compulsion to UNK their lives , while others could live UNK motionless almost indefinitely , like UNK in the sun , too indolent to blink their eyes . 
 Perhaps it was his misfortune , or good fortune , whichever way one looked at it , to belong to the former group , and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none , which was positively antagonistic to it . 
 And then again perhaps the reason why he couldn't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , UNK , UNK , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he didn't want to do them . 
 There was no compulsion behind them . 
 They could be done or left undone and nobody really gave a damn . 
 During all his busy life he had only done things which had to be done . 
 This habit had become so fixed over the years that it seemed futile to do anything for which no one was waiting . 
 He looked at the luminous UNK of his wrist watch . 
 It was five minutes after four . 
 On some distant farm a UNK UNK and , far down the valley , an associate answered . 
 He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn . 
 At least he could buy the equipment for his workshop . 
 Thus committed , action might follow . 
 He went down to Mills and UNK UNK UNK and bought a full set of UNK tools , including a rotary power saw and several other pieces of power machinery that Mr. Mills said were essential for UNK and UNK , whatever they were . 
 He also bought a huge square of pegboard for hanging up his tools , and lumber for his workbench , UNK and glue and UNK nails , levels and T squares and plumb lines and several gadgets that he had no idea how to use or what they were for . 
 `` There '' , said Mr. Mills . 
 `` That'll get you started . 
 Best not to get everything at once . 
 Add things as you find you need 'em '' . 
 He didn't even ask the cost of this collection . 
 After all , if you were going to set up a workshop you had to have the proper equipment and that was that . 
 When he returned home , the station wagon loaded with tools , UNK had gone with a friend to some meeting in the village , using the recently purchased second car . 
 He was glad . 
 It gave him a chance to unload the stuff and get it down to the cellar without a barrage of acid comments . 
 He had made such a UNK about buying that second car that he knew he was vulnerable . 
 He piled everything neatly in a corner of the cellar and turned to stare at the blank stone wall . 
 That was where the pegboard would go on which he would hang his hand tools . 
 In front of it would be his workbench . 
 The old nightmare which had caused him so many wakeful hours came charging in on him once more , only this time he couldn't UNK it with a sleeping pill and send it away . 
 How in the world did one attach a pegboard to a stone wall ? ? 
 How did one attach anything to a stone wall , for that matter ? ? 
 After the pegboard there would be the paneling . 
 He sat down on an old box and focused on the problem . 
 Perhaps one bored holes in the stone with some kind of an electric gadget . 
 But then , when you stuck things into the holes , why didn't they come right out again ? ? 
 It all seemed rather hopeless . 
 He turned his attention to the workbench . 
 Perhaps that was the first thing to do . 
 A workbench had a heavy top and sturdy legs , but how did you attach sturdy legs to a heavy top so that the whole thing didn't UNK like a newborn calf and ultimately collapse when you leaned on it ? ? 
 Mr. Mills had done some figuring on a scrap of paper and given him the various kinds of boards and UNK which , properly handled , would , he had assured him , turn into a workbench . 
 They lay on the cellar floor in a UNK pile . 
 Mr. Crombie poked at it UNK with his foot . 
 How could anyone know what to do with an UNK like that ? ? 
 Perhaps he had better have someone help him put up the pegboard and build the workbench -- someone who knew what he was about . 
 Then at least he would have a place to hang his tools and something to work on . 
 After that everything should be simpler . 
 He went upstairs to phone UNK . 
 To his amazement he reached him . 
 Mr. UNK was laid up with a bad cold . 
 He didn't seem to think that UNK a pegboard to a stone wall was much of a problem and he tossed off the building of the UNK equally lightly . 
 The only trouble was that he himself was tied up on the school job . 
 That was why he hadn't been able to finish the porch . 
 No , he didn't know of any UNK . 
 There wasn't any such thing any more . 
 UNK all wanted steady work and at the moment every mother's son for twenty miles around that could hammer nails for twenty-five dollars a day was working on the school job . 
 There was a fellow named Blatz over UNK way . 
 Nobody liked to hire him because you never could tell when he was going to be taken drunk . 
 Mr. UNK would probably see him at Lodge Meeting the next night . 
 If he was sober , which was doubtful , he'd have him get in touch with Mr. Crombie . 
 Mr. Blatz had been at least sober enough to remember to telephone and he turned out to be the greatest UNK that had come into Mr. UNK life since he moved to UNK , in spite of the fact that he didn't work very fast or very long at a time , and he didn't like to work at all unless Mr. Crombie hung around and talked to him . 
 He said he was the lonely type and working in a cellar you saw funny things coming out of the cracks in the wall if they wasn't nobody with you . 
 So Mr. Crombie sat on a wooden box and talked in order to keep Mr. UNK mind from funny things . 
 At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached UNK to stone walls , but Mr. Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he didn't like to disclose his ignorance . 
 While Mr. Blatz was putting up the UNK and starting the workbench , Mr. Crombie told him of this idea about paneling the whole end of the cellar . 
 Mr. Blatz agreed that this would be pretty . 
 Without further discussion he appeared the next morning with a pile of boards sticking over the end of his light truck and proceeded with the paneling , which he then stained and waxed according to his taste . 
 `` Now '' , he said , `` we got to put in some outlets for them power tools ; ; 
 then a couple of fluorescent lamps over the workbench an' I guess we're about through down here '' . 
 It all did look very efficient and UNK . 
 There was no question of that . 
 `` By the way '' , said Mr. Blatz , packing his tools into a battered carrier , `` them power tools needs extra voltage . 
 I guess you know about that . 
 Before you use 'em the light company's got to run in a heavy line and you'll need a new fuse box for the extra circuits . 
 That ain't too bad UNK the light company's so busy you can't ever get 'em to do nothin' '' . 
 Instead of being depressed by this news , Mr. Crombie was actually relieved . 
 At least the moment was postponed when he had to face the mystery of the power tools . 
 He followed Mr. Blatz up the cellar stairs . 
 As usual , Mrs. Crombie was standing in the midst of a confusion of cooking UNK . 
 Mr. Blatz sat down in the only UNK kitchen chair . 
 `` Well '' , he said , `` got your man fixed up nice down there . 
 He UNK be able to build a new house with all them UNK '' . 
 Mr. Crombie watched his wife with an anxious expression . 
 `` I was just sayin' to him that I'm all ready now for anything else you want done '' . 
 Mr. Crombie couldn't remember his saying any such thing . 
 `` Oh , that's wonderful '' , cried Mrs. Crombie . 
 `` I have a thousand things for you to do . 
 UNK that won't open , and doors that won't close and shelves and broken -- '' 
 `` But those are the things I built the workshop for '' , protested Mr. Crombie . 
 `` Those are the things I can do , now that I'm set up '' . 
 `` I've been waiting to get these things done for months '' , she said . 
 `` We won't live long enough if I wait for you , besides which you don't need to worry -- UNK be plenty more '' . 
 But the discussion was academic . 
 Mr. Blatz was already taking measurements for a shelf above the kitchen sink . 
 UNK 
 Nothing in English has been UNK as much as the ambiguous use of words , unless it be the ambiguous use of sentences . 
 Ben Franklin said , `` Clearly spoken , Mr. Fogg . 
 You explain English by Greek '' . 
 Richard UNK UNK said , `` I think the interpreter is the hardest to be understood of the two '' . 
 And a witty American journalist remarked over a century ago what is even more true today , `` Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't understand his own meaning '' . 
 There are many types of ambiguity and many of them have been described by UNK under such names as UNK , UNK , and other UNK . 
 In common UNK they would be described as misses -- UNK , UNK , UNK and UNK misdeeds . 
 One species of ambiguity tries to UNK by UNK repetition . 
 `` Did you or did you not say what I said you said , because Jane said you never said what I said '' ? ? 
 Another woman , addressing Christmas cards , said to her husband : `` We sent them one last year but they didn't send us one , so they probably won't send us one this year because they'll think we won't send them one because they didn't last year , don't you think , or shall we '' ? ? 
 Such ambiguous exercises compound confusion by making it worse compounded , and they are sometimes expanded until the cream of the UNK UNK . 
 UNK of a UNK kind describes the dilemma one girl found herself in . 
 `` I'm terribly upset '' , she told a UNK . 
 `` I wrote Bill in my last letter to forget that I had told him that I didn't mean to reconsider my decision not to change my mind -- and he seems to have misunderstood me '' . 
 UNK Bill was another of those men who simply don't understand women . 
 Another case involves a newspaper reporter who UNK up a politician . 
 `` Mr. Jones , you may recall that we printed last week your denial of having UNK the contradiction of your original statement . 
 Now would you care to have us say that you were UNK in regard to it '' ? ? 
 Questions like this , framed in verbal fog , are perhaps the only kind that have ever UNK an experienced politician . 
 They recall Byron's classic comment : `` I wish he would explain his explanation '' . 
 Similarly , when a reporter once questioned Lincoln in UNK fashion , Lincoln refused to make any further statement . 
 `` I fear explanations explanatory of things explained '' , he said , leaving the UNK bit -- and bitter . 
 The obscurity of politicians may not always be as innocent as it looks . 
 `` Senator '' , said an UNK , `` your constituents can't understand from your speech last night just how you stand on the question '' . 
 `` Good '' ! ! 
 UNK the Senator . 
 `` It took me five hours to write it that way '' . 
 The misplaced modifier is another species more honored in the observance of obscurity than in the breach . 
 This creates an amusing effect because its position in a sentence seems to make it apply to the wrong word . 
 A verse familiar to all UNK is the UNK : `` I saw a man once beat his wife When on a drunken spree . 
 Now can you tell me who was drunk -- The man , his wife , or me '' ? ? 
 The `` UNK '' gag of vaudeville , another UNK of this sort , had endless variations . 
 `` There's a man outside with a wooden leg named Smith '' . 
 `` What's the name of his other leg '' ? ? 
 Another stock vaudeville gag ran : `` Mother is home sick in bed with the doctor '' . 
 When radio came in , it continued the misplaced modifier in its UNK as a standard device . 
 `` Do you see that pretty girl standing next to the car with slacks on '' ? ? 
 `` I see the girl but I don't see the car with slacks on '' . 
 In recent years UNK have discovered this brand of UNK and thus the misplaced modifier has acquired a new habitat in the UNK . 
 In one UNK a family is shown outside a theater with the head of the family addressing the doorman : `` Excuse me , but when we came out we found that we had left my daughter's UNK and my wife's behind '' . 
 UNK supplies us with an endless run of such slips . 
 Not long ago a newspaper advised those taking part in a contest that `` UNK must be of a person not larger than Af inches '' . 
 UNK ads are also UNK of UNK constructions . 
 UNK of the UNK UNK are familiar with such items which often appear in its lists of verbal slips , like the ad in a California paper that advertised `` House for rent . 
 UNK takes in five counties , two bedrooms '' . 
 Since UNK is the soul of ambiguity as well as wit , newspaper headlines continually provide us with amusing samples . 
 `` Officials UNK on rubbish . 
 Many UNK in UNK . 
 Son and UNK of Local UNK UNK '' . 
 Apart from misplaced UNK and UNK , journalism contributes a wide variety of comic ambiguities in both editorial and advertising matter . 
 A weekly newspaper reported a local romance : `` and the couple were married last Saturday , thus ending a friendship which began in their UNK '' . 
 An item in the letters column of a newspaper renewed a subscription , adding : `` I personally enjoy your newspaper as much as my husband '' . 
 Then there was the UNK ad which read : `` are you getting married or having an affair ? ? 
 We have complete facilities to accommodate 200 people '' . 
 The newspaper too is the favorite habitat of the anatomical . 
 This slip is so-called because its UNK English always seems to refer to a person's anatomy but never quite means what it seems to say . 
 UNK : He walked in upon her invitation . 
 She kissed him UNK upon his UNK . 
 He kissed her back . 
 Not without good reason has the anatomical been called jocular UNK . 
 In news items a man is less often shot in the body or head than in the suburbs . 
 `` While Henry Morgan was UNK Miss UNK Green from the church social last Saturday night , a savage dog attacked them and bit Mr. Morgan on the public square '' . 
 Such items recall the California journalist who reported an accident involving a movie star : `` The area in which Miss N -- was injured is UNK scenic '' . 
 The double meaning in the anatomical made it a familiar vaudeville device , as in the UNK of UNK and UNK . 
 When a witness at court was asked if he had been kicked in the ensuing UNK , he replied , `` No , it was in the stomach '' . 
 UNK enough , this always brought the house down . 
 Apart from UNK and vaudeville UNK , the anatomical is also found in jocular literature . 
 A conscientious girl became the secretary of a doctor . 
 Her first day at work she was puzzled by an entry in the doctor's notes on an emergency case . 
 It read : `` Shot in the UNK region '' . 
 After a moment of thought , her mind cleared and , in the interest of clarity , she UNK into the record : `` Shot in the woods '' . 
 There are many grammatical UNK other than UNK UNK and UNK which permit two different interpretations . 
 At the home of a UNK the new maid was instructed in the fine points of serving . 
 `` I want the fish served whole , with head and tail '' , the UNK explained , `` and serve it with lemon in mouth '' . 
 The maid UNK . 
 `` That's silly -- lemon in mouth '' , she said . 
 But since the UNK insisted that it is done that way at the most fashionable dinners , the girl reluctantly agreed . 
 So she brought the fish in whole , and she carried a lemon in her mouth . 
 Another specimen of such UNK is illustrated by a woman in a department store . 
 She said to the UNK , `` I want a dress to put on around the house '' . 
 The puzzled UNK inquired , `` How large is your house , UNK '' ? ? 
 This UNK was a failure in the dress department and was transferred to the shoe department . 
 When a customer asked for alligator shoes , she said , `` What size is your alligator '' ? ? 
 The comic indefinite UNK an extensive class of comedy . 
 One species is restricted to statements which are neither explicit nor precise regarding a particular person , place , time or thing . 
 A woman met a famous author at a literary tea . 
 `` Oh , I'm so delighted to meet you '' , she gushed . 
 `` It was only the other day that I saw something of yours , about something or other , in some magazine '' . 
 This baffling lack of distinct details recalls the secretary whose employer was leaving the office and told her what to answer if anyone called in his absence . 
 `` I may be back '' , he explained , `` and then again , I may not '' . 
 The girl nodded UNK . 
 `` Yes , sir '' , she said , `` is that definite '' ? ? 
 An old-fashioned mother said to her modern daughter , `` You must have gotten in quite late last night , dear . 
 Where were you '' ? ? 
 The daughter replied , `` Oh , I had dinner with -- well , you don't know him but he's awfully nice -- and we went to a couple of places -- I don't suppose you've heard of them -- and we finished up at a cute little night club -- I forget the name of it . 
 Why , it's all right , isn't it , Mother '' ? ? 
 Her UNK parent agreed . 
 `` Of course , dear '' , she said . 
 `` It's only that I like to know where you go '' . 
 No less ambiguous was the UNK of a certain UNK sermon . 
 `` UNK beloved '' , he preached , `` unless you UNK of your sins in a measure , and become converted to a degree , you will , I regret to say , be damned to a more or less extent '' . 
 This clergyman should have referred to Shakespeare's dictum : `` UNK is a good , very good , very excellent UNK . 
 And yet it is not . 
 It is but UNK '' . 
 UNK reference also carries UNK where an UNK to one person or thing seems to refer to another . 
 A news item described the UNK of a ship : `` UNK the ceremony , the beautiful movie star smashed a bottle of champagne over her stern as she slid gracefully down the ways into the sea '' . 
 This is not unlike the order received by the sergeant of an army motor pool : `` Four trucks to Fort Mason UNK , 7:30 tonight , for UNK girls to dance . 
 The bodies must be cleaned and seats wiped off '' . 
 A politician was approached by a man seeking the office of a minor public official who had just died . 
 `` What are my chances for taking Joe's place '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 `` If you can fix it up with the UNK '' , returned the politician , `` it's all right with me '' . 
 The manager of a movie theater received a telephone call from a woman who was equally indefinite . 
 `` What have you got on today '' ? ? 
 She inquired . 
 `` A blue suit '' , he answered . 
 `` Who's in it '' ? ? 
 She continued . 
 `` I am '' , he said . 
 There was a short pause for reflection . 
 `` Oh '' , said the woman , `` I've seen that picture already '' . 
 Another brand of indefinite reference arises out of the use of the double verb . 
 When a question contains two verbs , the response does not make clear which of them is being answered . 
 The UNK night was made for romance , and he had been looking at her UNK for some time . 
 Finally he asked , `` Do you object to UNK '' ? ? 
 `` That's one thing I've never done '' , she said promptly . 
 He thought a moment , then inquired , `` You mean UNK '' ? ? 
 `` No '' , she smiled , `` objected '' . 
 UNK to requests for character reference are notorious for their evasive UNK . 
 It would be hard to find anything more UNK than : `` I cannot recommend him too highly '' . 
 Another less ambiguous case read as follows : `` The bearer of this letter has served me for two years to his complete satisfaction . 
 If you are thinking of giving him a UNK , be sure to make it a wide one '' . 
 In the comedy of indefinite reference , UNK occupies a prominent place because of its frequent occurrence . 
 UNK arises when the pronoun it carries a twofold reference . 
 Two friends were talking . 
 One said , `` When I get a cold I buy a bottle of whiskey for it , and within a few hours it's gone '' . 
 The speaker referred to the whiskey but his friend thought he meant the cold . 
 UNK is a UNK because it covers slips as well as wit . 
 An excited woman was making an emergency call over the phone : `` Doctor , please come over right away . 
 My husband is in great pain . 
 I called the other afternoon on my old friend , UNK Moreland , the UNK literary critic -- his mother was born in Ohio -- who lives alone in a UNK cottage on the UNK UNK , raising hell and UNK , the former only when the venerable gentleman becomes an angry old man about the state of literature or something else that is dwindling and diminishing , such as human stature , hope , and humor . 
 My UNK friend does not believe that human stature is measurable in terms of speed , momentum , UNK , or distance from earth , but is a matter of the development of the human mind . 
 After UNK became the Greatest Man in the World , for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in UNK , Moreland wrote me a letter in which he said : `` I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum , or how far it can fly . 
 A UNK place is in the UNK '' . 
 `` I have come to talk with you about the future of humor and comedy '' , I told him , at which he started slightly , and then made us each a stiff drink , with a trembling hand . 
 `` I seem to remember '' , he said , `` that in an interview ten years ago you gave humor and comedy five years to live . 
 Did you go to their funeral '' ? ? 
 `` I was wrong '' , I admitted . 
 `` UNK didn't die , it just went crazy . 
 It has identified itself with the very tension and terror it once did so much to alleviate . 
 We now have not only what has been called over here the comedy of menace but we also have horror jokes , magazines known as UNK UNK , and sick UNK . 
 There are even publications called UNK and Mad . 
 The UNK is not crazy as a UNK or mad as a March UNK ; ; 
 it is UNK as a man '' . 
 `` I woke up this morning '' , Moreland said , `` UNK Lewis Carroll . 
 Do you want to hear the UNK '' ? ? 
 `` Can I bear it '' ? ? 
 I asked , taking a final UNK of my drink , and handing him the empty glass . 
 `` Just barely '' , he said , and repeated his UNK : `` The time has come '' , the UNK said , `` To speak of UNK things , Of shots and shouts , and sealing UNK Of UNK and UNK '' . 
 Moreland fixed us each another drink , and said , `` For God's sake , tell me something truly amusing '' . 
 `` I'll try '' , I said , and sat for a moment thinking . 
 `` Oh yes , the other day I reread some of UNK English UNK , and there was an anecdote about a group of English and Americans visiting Germany , more than a hundred years ago . 
 In the railway station at Berlin , a uniformed attendant was UNK , ' UNK this way ! ! 
 UNK this way ' ! ! 
 One woman -- she could have been either English or American -- went up to him and said , ' But you are the foreigners ' '' . 
 I took a deep breath and an even deeper swallow of my drink , and said , `` I admit that going back to Ralph UNK Emerson for humor is like going to a modern musical comedy for music and comedy '' . 
 `` What's the matter with the music '' ? ? 
 Moreland asked . 
 `` It doesn't UNK out the dialogue '' , I explained . 
 `` Let's talk about books '' , Moreland said . 
 `` I am told that in America you have UNK by UNK , brought out by UNK for UNK . 
 Is it all UNK '' ? ? 
 `` There is UNK and non UNK '' , I said . 
 `` Speaking of UNK : the other day , in a story about a UNK demonstration , the Paris Herald Tribune wrote , ' The UNK became UNK . 
 And then Eichmann was quoted as saying , in UNK , that Hitler's plan to UNK the Jews was nonsense '' . 
 `` If we cannot tell evil , horror , and UNK from nonsense , what is the future of humor and comedy '' ? ? 
 Moreland asked , grimly . 
 `` UNK '' , I said . 
 `` They require , for existence , a brave spirit and a high heart , and where do you find these ? ? 
 In our present era of Science and UNK , the heart has been UNK , to use one of our popular UNK verbs '' . 
 `` I know what you mean '' , Moreland sighed . 
 `` Last year your Tennessee Williams told our UNK Powell , in a television program , that it is the task of the UNK to throw light into the dark corners of the human heart . 
 Like almost everybody else , he confused the heart , both as organ and as symbol , with the disturbed psyche , the UNK glands , and the UNK central nervous system . 
 I'm not pleading for the heart that leaps up when it UNK a UNK in the sky , or for the heart that with UNK fills and dances with the UNK . 
 The sentimental pure heart of UNK is gone with the UNK years , but I still believe in the heart of the George Meredith character that was not made of the stuff that breaks '' . 
 `` We no longer have Tom UNK and UNK ' heart for any fate ' , either '' , I said . 
 `` Moore and UNK didn't have the fate that faces us '' , Moreland said . 
 `` One day our species promises UNK , and the next day it threatens UNK '' . 
 We sat for a while drinking in silence . 
 `` The heart '' , I said finally , `` is now either in the throat or the mouth or the stomach or the shoes . 
 When it was worn in the breast , or even on the sleeve , we at least knew where it was '' . 
 There was a long silence . 
 `` You have visited England five times in the past UNK , I believe '' , my host said . 
 `` What has impressed you most on your present visit '' ? ? 
 `` I would say depressed , not impressed '' , I told him . 
 `` I should say it is the turning of courts of law into veritable UNK for sex dramas , involving clergymen and UNK , psychiatrists and patients . 
 It is becoming harder and harder to tell law courts and political UNK from the modern theatre '' . 
 `` Do you think we need a new Henry James to UNK the UNK scene '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 `` Or perhaps a new Noel Coward '' ? ? 
 `` But you must have heard it said that the UNK disappeared forever with the UNK years of James and the UNK UNK of Coward . 
 I myself hear it said constantly -- in UNK . 
 In them , there is usually a group of UNK with UNK problems , worthy of being explored either in the novel or in the play or in comedy and satire '' . 
 I stood up and began pacing . 
 `` If you are trying to get us out of the UNK , the UNK , the kitchen sink , and the UNK UNK , you are probably wasting your time '' , Moreland told me . 
 `` Too many of our writers seem to be interested only in creatures that crawl out of the woodwork or from under the rock '' . 
 `` UNK and UNK '' , I said . 
 `` I am worried about the current meanings of the word funny . 
 It now means ominous , as when one speaks of a funny sound in the motor ; ; 
 disturbing , as when one says that a friend is acting funny ; ; 
 and frightening , as when a wife tells the police that it is funny , but her husband hasn't been home for two days and nights '' . 
 Moreland sat brooding for a full minute , during which I made each of us a new drink . 
 He took his glass , UNK it against mine , and said , `` UNK UNK , what the hell '' ! ! 
 UNK a line from Don UNK UNK . 
 `` Be careful of the word ' gay ' , for it , too , has undergone a change . 
 It now means , in my country , UNK '' , I said . 
 `` Oh , I forgot to say that if one is taken to the funny house in the funny wagon , he is removed to a mental institution in an ambulance . 
 Recently , by the way , I received a questionnaire in which I was asked whether or not I was UNK '' . 
 My host went over and stared out the window at his UNK ; ; 
 then he turned to me . 
 `` Is it true that you believe the other animals are UNK than the human species '' ? ? 
 `` Oh , that is UNK '' , I told him . 
 `` Do you remember the woman in the French UNK who was all alone with her sheep one day when the sun darkened UNK ? ? 
 She told the sheep , ' The world is coming to an end ' ! ! 
 And the sheep said -- all in UNK , I have no doubt -- UNK ! ! 
 The sound UNK of sheep is like the UNK horse laugh '' . 
 `` That is only partly UNK '' , he began . 
 `` If you saw the drama called UNK '' , I said , `` think of the effect it would have on an audience of UNK when the actor on stage suddenly begins turning into a UNK . 
 The UNK would panic , screaming help ! ! 
 -- if that can be screamed in their language '' . 
 `` You think the Russians are getting ahead of us in comedy '' ? ? 
 Moreland demanded . 
 `` UNK , no '' , I said . 
 `` The political and intellectual Left began fighting humor and comedy years ago , because they fear things they do not understand and cannot manage , such as satire and irony , such as humor and comedy . 
 Nevertheless , like any other human being upon whom the spotlight of the world plays continually , Khrushchev , the UNK UNK , has become a comic actor , or thinks he has . 
 In his famous meeting with Nixon a couple of years ago he seemed to believe that he was as funny as Ed UNK . 
 But , like Caesar , he has only one joke , so far as I can find out . 
 It consists in saying , ' That would be sending the goat to look after the cabbage . 
 Why in the name of his UNK doesn't he vary it a bit '' ? ? 
 `` Such as '' ? ? 
 Moreland asked . 
 `` Such as ' sending the cat to guard the mice ' , or ' the UNK to protect the UNK ' , or most terribly sharp of all , ' the human being to save humanity ' '' . 
 `` You and I have fallen out of literature into politics '' , Moreland observed . 
 `` What a nasty fall was there '' ! ! 
 I said . 
 Moreland went over to stare at his UNK again , and then came back and sat down , UNK . 
 `` The world that was once UNK and UNK '' , he said , `` has now become UNK and UNK . 
 In our age of Science and UNK it seems to me more brave to stay on Earth and explore inner man than to fly far from the sphere of our sorrow and explore outer space '' . 
 `` The human ego being what it is '' , I put in , `` science fiction has always assumed that the creatures on the planets of a thousand larger solar systems than ours must look like gigantic UNK fruit bats . 
 It seems to me that the first human being to reach one of these planets may well learn what it is to be a truly great and noble species '' . 
 `` Now we are leaving humor and comedy behind again '' , Moreland protested . 
 `` Not in the largest sense of the words '' , I said . 
 `` The other day Arnold Toynbee spoke against the UNK tendency of our species to believe in the uniqueness of its religions , its UNK , and its virtually everything else . 
 Why do we not realize that no ideology believes so much in itself as it UNK in something else ? ? 
 Forty years ago an English writer , W. L. George , dealt with this subject in UNK of the Day , and said , as an example , that ' Saint George for UNK England ' would not start a spirit half so quickly as ' Strike UNK UNK dead ' '' ! ! 
 `` There was also UNK UNK UNK '' , Moreland reminded me , `` and UNK UNK UNK , or if you will , UNK UNK UNK . 
 It isn't what the UNK believes in , but what he hates , that puts the world in jeopardy . 
 This is the force , in our time and in every other time , that urges the UNK and the UNK to become head of a state . 
 UNK power not only UNK but it also UNK the mad . 
 There is a bitter satire for a future writer in that '' . 
 `` Great satire has always been clearly written and readily understandable '' , I said . 
 `` But we now find writers obsessed by the UNK and UNK of their ivory towers , and curiously devoted to the growing obscurity and complexity of poetry and UNK . 
 I wrote a few years ago that one of the cardinal rules of writing is that the reader should be able to get some idea of what the story is about . 
 One day , the children had wanted to get up onto General Burnside's horse . 
 They wanted to see what his back felt like -- the General's . 
 He looked so comfortable being straight . 
 They wanted to touch the mystery . 
 Arlene was UNK them up when the policeman came by . 
 He was very rude . 
 Arlene had a hard voice , too , this time . 
 The UNK eyes rather popped for a second ; ; 
 but then Arlene got another tone in a hurry , and she said , `` If it wasn't for these dear children '' -- . 
 The policeman got a confused , funny look on his face , and he had answered kind of politely , `` Now , look here , lady : I know you got to entertain these kids and all . 
 But this is a public park and it's a city ordinance that the statues cannot be crawled on '' . 
 Arlene was so ashamed that she hung her head when she said , `` Yes , sir '' . 
 The policeman walked on , but he looked back once . 
 That had happened on the day when two other unusual things had occurred . 
 Arlene had taught them a new way to have fun in their little private area ; ; 
 and they had told their mother about the UNK . 
 In matters of exact information , that kept her one step behind developments ; ; 
 and so they were consistently true to their principles . 
 `` Never mind '' , Arlene had said , after the policeman had left , having pursued the usual UNK course of UNK . 
 `` Never mind . 
 I know something that is much more fun that we can do on our little lawn '' . 
 `` What is it '' ? ? 
 Asked the children , whose reflexes and replies were invariably so admirably normal and predictable . 
 Maybe that was why they were cordial and loyal towards the UNK of Arlene . 
 `` Just you wait '' , advised Arlene , UNK the dialogue in a recent British movie . 
 And when they had got to their little lawn , they had had a most UNK magnificent time . 
 First , Arlene had put them through some rapid UNK . 
 They had protested that that wasn't any surprise . 
 `` Just you wait '' , said Arlene again , as though she were discovering the pleasantly tingling UNK of that handy little sturdy statement . 
 `` This is a UNK '' . 
 `` Is it anything like UNK UNK '' ? ? 
 Asked one of the children . 
 `` Not the least bit '' , Arlene snapped . 
 One of the many things that was so nice about her was that she always took your questions seriously , particularly your very , very serious questions . 
 Those were especially the ones that all other UNK laughed at loudest . 
 She would sometimes even get a little hard on you , she took you so seriously . 
 But not hard for very long . 
 Just long enough to make you feel important . 
 `` Now '' , said Arlene , eventually , making them both sit in formation on a big root of a live oak , the sort of root that divided itself and made their bottoms sag down and feel comfortable . 
 `` Now , we're going to be like what General Burnside and his horse make us think of '' . 
 The children looked at each other and UNK their bottoms down even more comfortably than ever . 
 Their curiosity went happily out of bounds . 
 Then , Arlene threw herself UNK and UNK in a way that was just wonderful . 
 She held herself that way and turned her head towards them and laughed and winked . 
 `` Imagine being able to laugh and wink when you're like the top part of that picture frame at home '' , one of them said . 
 They both laughed and winked back . 
 `` I'm General Burnside's horse , upside down '' , Arlene said , sort of UNK , for her : even she had to breathe kind of funny when she was in that position . 
 She made General Burnside's horse's belly do so funny when it was upside down . 
 Then , she was back on her feet , winking and smiling that enormous smile ( she had lots of wonderful big teeth that you never would have suspected she had when she was not smiling ) . 
 And she would wink and throw kisses . 
 They both tried to keep smiling and winking for a long time , but it made their lips and eyelids tremble . 
 But they kept on clapping for a long , long time . 
 `` This time '' , Arlene said , and she even kept on UNK a little bit while she was just talking , `` you're going to tell me what I am and what I'm doing . 
 It all has something to do with General Burnside and his horse '' . 
 This time , it was so grand ; ; 
 they could tell exactly what it was . 
 It was General Burnside's horse running in a circle . 
 His legs shook , and the shaking went right on up his body through his hips to his shoulders . 
 `` That's the General's horse '' , one of them cried out . 
 The other remarked , in a happy laughter , `` That's a funny old horse '' . 
 The first one said , `` He sure does shake . 
 He's old '' . 
 Then there was the General kissing his wife . 
 They had to be told that one . 
 But it was even UNK after they had been told . 
 Their father , when he came back from those many business trips , just UNK their mother on the forehead with his lips and asked if anybody had thought to mix the UNK and put them in the electric UNK . 
 But not General Burnside . 
 He was the UNK man . 
 He never could keep still , even when he didn't move his feet . 
 Then , they had to get up and be General Burnside . 
 Or his horse . 
 All they could think of was to run around in circles , kicking their legs out . 
 It wasn't very funny . 
 Then , they said General Burnside was going to jump over his horse's head ; ; 
 and they did some UNK . 
 But that wasn't very funny , either . 
 `` You ought to shake '' , Arlene advised them . 
 And Arlene showed them how to begin . 
 She also taught them to sing `` I wish I could UNK like my sister Kate '' . 
 That helped a lot . 
 They were clumsy , but they were beginning to catch on . 
 They also caught on a little bit on how to smile a lot without your lips trembling . 
 `` Imagine you won't get your allowance if you're caught not smiling -- or smiling with your lips trembling too much '' , Arlene suggested . 
 That helped a great deal . 
 They were a little late in getting home . 
 `` I'm sorry , Mrs. UNK '' , Arlene said in a tone so low you could hardly hear it . 
 My mother constituted herself the voice of all of us . 
 `` It's perfectly understandable , Arlene '' , my mother said in a friendly way . 
 `` I suppose you all were playing and forgot '' ? ? 
 `` Yes , UNK '' , the children UNK heartily . 
 We couldn't help laughing . 
 The children rushed off to get rid of their sweaters ; ; 
 and Arlene began tapping the kitchen door open . 
 `` UNK a good girl '' , my uncle remarked to us ; ; 
 but he said it too soon , for it came out just before the tap to which the door responded . 
 That tap had a slight UNK quality . 
 `` She really is a dear little thing '' , my mother agreed . 
 Her upper lip lifted slightly . 
 She was biting into a small red radish ; ; 
 and that action always caused her to lift her lip from the sting of the thing . 
 Also , she lived in continual fear of finding a white worm curled up in a neat , mean little heap at the white center of the radish . 
 She would try to see over the bulge of her cheeks and somewhat under her teeth to the place where she was biting . 
 It never worked , naturally ; ; 
 but it made her look unusual . 
 Also , when she had UNK off half of the small radish , she found the suspense unbearable ; ; 
 and she would snatch the UNK half of the radish out to where she could inspect it . 
 One could hear a very faint , UNK sigh of relief . 
 Actually , it was UNK to anyone not expecting it . 
 But the warm joy of her brown eyes was open to the general public . 
 Later on , the children told her further about UNK . 
 `` It must be awfully good for them . 
 And awfully kind of Arlene '' , she told us later . 
 `` But do you know something curious '' ? ? 
 She added . 
 `` I reached into that funny little pocket that is high up on my dress . 
 I have no notion why I reached . 
 And I found a radish . 
 Was it an UNK ? ? 
 I thought for a second . 
 But I would not UNK myself in that silly way . 
 I opened the window and threw the radish out '' . 
 Then , my mother blushed at this small lie ; ; 
 for she knew and we knew that it was UNK that had made one more radish that night just too impossible a strain . 
 Arlene became indispensable ; ; 
 nobody could have told why . 
 But she was . 
 It was in the air . 
 A friend of my father's came to dinner . 
 He was passing through town and phoned to say hello . 
 As a result , he was persuaded out to dinner . 
 As a matter of fact , this happened every four or five months . 
 Sometimes , he coincided with my father's being at home . 
 Sometimes , as at this juncture , he did not . 
 But he was always persuaded out . 
 He liked children , in a loathsome kind of way ; ; 
 the two youngest in our family always had to be brought in and put through tricks for his entertainment . 
 When he had left , I could never remember whether he had poked them in their UNK , UNK , with a thick index finger or whether he was merely so much the sort of person who did this that one assumed the action , not bothering to look . 
 The children loathed him , too . 
 This evening , they were pushed in from the breakfast room , with odds and ends of dessert distributed over them . 
 There had been some coconut in it , for I remember my mother's taking a quick glance at a UNK bit of this nut on the cheek of one of them and then putting down her radish with a shiver . 
 They were pushed gently into the room by Arlene -- whose only part appearing were hands that crept quickly back around to the kitchen side of the door . 
 We had just sat down . 
 `` Tell Mr. Gorboduc what you're doing these days '' , my mother advised the children , UNK . 
 There was an air of revolt about the children -- even UNK for their own principles . 
 This could be told chiefly from a sort of UNK and UNK , a UNK UNK of UNK . 
 UNK , the UNK dessert had brought up bitter problems of administration . 
 But , at the beginning , this stayed just in the air . 
 `` We go to the park with this nice lady '' , one of them said . 
 `` We have good times '' . 
 This happy bulletin UNK Mr. Gorboduc . 
 `` You do '' ? ? 
 He asked , between UNK of laughter . 
 He was forced to wipe his eyes . 
 `` You don't step on the flowers , do you ? ? 
 Eh '' ? ? 
 One of the children UNK out of range of the poking index finger . 
 `` No '' , he said . 
 `` We don't '' . 
 Mr. Gorboduc took a UNK of his sherry . 
 He was so long thinking that my mother had time to inspect her sherry for dregs . 
 Usually , this was done when attention was UNK by someone else's long , boring story . 
 But this time she was nervous : she was open . 
 Mr. Gorboduc was finally in command of his mind again . 
 `` Tell me -- what do you do at the park '' ? ? 
 He asked . 
 This was delivered in a forthright way , without UNK and UNK interest -- an admirable way with children . 
 Only , unfortunately , he could not remove from his voice a nagging UNK of the direct command . 
 This UNK the children into the revelation of exact truth , a sacrifice of their secret superiority over grown people , but a victory in the wide fields of UNK and UNK accomplishment . 
 `` We bump '' , one said ; ; 
 and the other went on to development of the idea . 
 `` We UNK , too '' , he said . 
 My mother was beside herself with curiosity . 
 `` Say that again '' , she pleaded . 
 She laughed a little and tossed the dregs UNK around in her glass . 
 `` You what '' ? ? 
 She could see that Mr. Gorboduc was UNK ; ; 
 the hostess in her took over . 
 She was UNK happy . 
 `` You what '' ? ? 
 My uncle looked at Mr. Gorboduc . 
 He read Henry James and used to pretend UNK through UNK at people . 
 Mr. Gorboduc looked down . 
 He would not look up . 
 He was very funny about the whole thing . 
 UNK UNK de UNK ad UNK UNK , a delightful UNK set in the UNK epoch of UNK War Rome . 
 UNK , the hero , is beset from all sides by the problems of approaching manhood . 
 The story opens on the eve of his UNK birthday , as he prepares for the two weeks of festivities that are to follow . 
 Suddenly , a messenger arrives and , just before UNK dead at his feet , informs him that the UNK have invaded UNK , the home province of his UNK . 
 He at once UNK the UNK and , UNK on his UNK , UNK blindly from the house , where he is hit and killed by a passing UNK . 
 The Albany Civic UNK presentation of UNK immortal UNK UNK UNK UNK , with guest UNK UNK UNK . 
 An unusual , if not extraordinary , rendering of the classic myth that involves the rescue of UNK from the rock by the U.S. Cavalry was given last week in the warehouse of the Albany UNK UNK Company amid cheers of `` UNK UNK '' and `` UNK UNK UNK '' ! ! 
 After a `` busy '' UNK , the curtain rises on a farm scene -- the UNK Valley in northern Maine . 
 A dead UNK , the sole occupant of the stage , UNK the crisis and destruction of the Old Order . 
 Old Order , acted and UNK sung by UNK UNK , the lovely UNK import , then entered and delivered the well-known UNK to the god UNK , whereupon the stage is quite unexpectedly visited by a company of wandering UNK priests , UNK Love , UNK , Prudence and General Motors , respectively . 
 According to the myth , Old Order then UNK at stage left and UNK at extreme stage right , but Director UNK skillfully UNK the rather UNK problem of stage effects by simply having Miss UNK walk across the stage . 
 The night he saw it , a rather unpleasant situation arose when the soloist refused to approach the UNK , complaining -- in UNK -- that `` it smelled '' . 
 We caught the early train to New York . 
 The UNK UNK , a list of highly unusual terms used in connection with UNK UNK cults . 
 It's somewhat off the beaten track , to be sure , but therein lies its variety and charm . 
 For example , probably very few people know that the word `` UNK '' that is UNK about so much today stems from the verb `` UNK '' : to UNK . 
 Likewise , and equally fascinating , is the news that such unlikely UNK as `` UNK '' , `` UNK '' , and the UNK `` UNK '' all originated in the same village in UNK UNK and are all used to express sentiments concerning British `` UNK '' . 
 The terms are fairly safe to use on this side of the ocean , but before you start UNK them to your date , it might be best to find out if he was a member of Major UNK Delhi Regiment , since resentment toward the natives was reportedly very high in that outfit . 
 The breeze and chancellor Neitzbohr , a movie UNK that concerns the attempts of a West German politician to UNK a plaster cast of the Apollo UNK . 
 As you have doubtless guessed already , the plot is plastered with UNK , UNK , and UNK theory . 
 For example , when the film is only four minutes old , Neitzbohr refers to a small , Victorian piano stool as `` UNK '' , and we are UNK subjected to a UNK that informs us that this very piano stool was once used by an UNK UNK whose name , of course , was Doris ( the English equivalent , when passed through UNK UNK , of UNK ) . 
 For the remainder of the movie , Chancellor Neitzbohr proceeds to lash the piano stool with a UNK from a Venetian blind that used to hang in the pre-war UNK . 
 In this manner , he seeks to UNK from his own soul the guilt UNK caused by his personal assaults against the English at UNK . 
 As we find out at the end , it is not the stool ( UNK Doris , therefore the English ) that he is UNK but the piece of Venetian blind . 
 And , when the UNK finally UNK , we see him count the fragments , all the while muttering , `` He loves me , he loves me not '' . 
 After a few UNK moments of wondering who `` he '' is , the camera UNK across the room to the plaster statue , and we realize that Neitzbohr is trying to UNK himself in the eyes of a UNK piece of sculpture . 
 The effect , needless to say , is almost terrifying , and though at times a bit obscure , the film is certainly a UNK catharsis for the `` UNK '' UNK . 
 The music of UNK UNK , capital UNK UNK , one of the rare recordings of this UNK , yet UNK , composer . 
 Those persons who were lucky enough to see and hear the performance of his work at the UNK Festival in August , 1916 , will certainly welcome his return to public notice ; ; 
 and it is not unlikely that , even as the great Bach lay dormant for so many years , so has the UNK , ingenious UNK passed through his `` UNK '' of neglect . 
 But now , under the guidance of the contemporary composer UNK UNK , Jr. , a major revival is under way . 
 As he leads the UNK UNK Orchestra , UNK gives a tremendously inspired performance of both the UNK and UNK concertos , including the controversial UNK UNK , which was included at the UNK insistence . 
 A major portion of the credit should also go to UNK UNK for his rendering of the almost impossible `` Indianapolis '' movement in the UNK . 
 Not only was UNK intonation and phrasing without UNK , but he seemed to take every tonal eccentricity in stride . 
 For example , to move ( as the score requires ) from the lowest UNK register up to a barely audible N minor in four seconds , not UNK , at the same time , even one of the UNK UNK , seems a feat too absurd to consider , and it is to the UNK credit that he remained silent throughout the passage . 
 We would have preferred , however , to have had the rest of the orchestra refrain from laughing at this and other spots on the recording , since it UNK an otherwise sober , if not lofty , performance . 
 As Broadway itself becomes increasingly weighted down by UNK , UNK , commercially successful UNK and UNK problem dramas , the American theatre is going through an UNK renaissance in that UNK area known as `` UNK '' . 
 For the last two years , this frontier of the arts has produced a number of so-called `` UNK '' which have left indelible , UNK impressions on the psyche of this veteran UNK . 
 The latest and , significantly , greatest fruit of this theatrical vine is The , an adaptation of UNK classic UNK by Roger UNK , a former University of Maryland chemistry instructor . 
 Although the play does show a certain structural UNK ( there are eleven acts varying in length from twenty-five seconds to an hour and a half ) , the statement it makes concerning the UNK yearning and searching of youth is profound and worthy of our attention . 
 The action centers about a group of outspoken and UNK students sitting around a table in a cafeteria and their collective and ultimately fruitless search for a cup of hot coffee . 
 They are relentlessly rebuffed on all sides by a UNK , the police , and an UNK government tutor . 
 The innocence that they tried to conceal at the beginning is clearly destroyed forever when one of them , asking for a piece of UNK pie , gets a plate of English UNK instead . 
 Leaving the theatre after the performance , I had a flash of intuition that life , after all ( as UNK said ) , is just a search for the UNK cup of hot coffee , and that this UNK , moving , clever , bitter slice of life was the greatest thing to happen to the American theatre since Brooks UNK retired . 
 UNK but still UNK , French UNK UNK terrible UNK UNK has succeeded in shocking UNK old Paris again , this time with a UNK ballet UNK called The UNK UNK , the story of a nymphomaniac UNK operator who falls hopelessly in love with a middle-aged steam shovel . 
 A biting , UNK UNK of the UNK UNK of modern life , the piece has been set by UNK UNK to a sumptuous score ( a single motif played over and over by four thousand French horns ) by UNK UNK UNK UNK . 
 UNK , lovely UNK UNK plays the nymphomaniac UNK . 
 Ever since UNK , and , more recently , UNK Free , there have been a lot of books about animals , but few compare with Max UNK wry , UNK , charming , and immensely UNK My Friend , the UNK UNK . 
 UNK in the modern style of a `` confession '' , Fink tells in UNK detail how he came to know , and , more important , love his mother's pet UNK , Alicia . 
 It is not an entirely happy book , as Mrs. Fink soon becomes jealous of Alicia and , in retaliation , refuses to continue to UNK the algae off her glass . 
 Max , in a fit of despair , takes Alicia and runs off for two marvelous weeks in UNK ( Fink calls it `` the most wonderful and lovely fourteen days in my whole life '' ) , at the end of which Alicia UNK contracts UNK disease and dies . 
 This brief resume hardly does the book justice , but I heartily recommend it to all those who are engages with the major problems of our time . 
 Opera in the Grand UNK , along with UNK , seems to be UNK a UNK UNK . 
 In this country , the two guiding lights are , without doubt , Felix UNK and Anna UNK . 
 UNK , a lean , UNK , impeccable gentleman of the old school who was once mistaken on the street for Sir UNK UNK , is responsible for the UNK of UNK earliest , most raucous opera , UNK , a sumptuous UNK with a haunting UNK that struck me as being highly reminiscent of the UNK version of `` UNK '' . 
 Miss UNK has a voice that Maria UNK once described as `` like chipping teeth with a screw driver '' , and her round , UNK face becomes UNK reflective of the emotions demanded by the role of UNK . 
 The UNK UNK is literally littered this summer with the UNK bodies of France's UNK beatnik UNK UNK . 
 UNK of all this commotion : squat , UNK , UNK , hopelessly ugly UNK UNK , a UNK figure , who plays a UNK , UNK , philosophic UNK salesman in old UNK UNK de UNK UNK endlessly provocative film , A UNK UNK . 
 UNK has been alternately described as `` a symbol of the new grandeur of France and myself '' ( De Gaulle ) and `` a UNK , disgusting slob '' ! ! 
 ( Norman UNK ) , but no one can deny that the screen UNK with electricity whenever he is on it . 
 UNK to UNK along with him , UNK UNK UNK , a UNK and UNK UNK Italian UNK , turns in a creditable performance as an airplane mechanic . 
 The battle of the UNK continues , but most of New York's knowing UNK of Abstract UNK are stamping their feet impatiently in expectation of V ( for UNK ) Day , September first , when Augustus UNK first one-man show opens at the UNK . 
 We have heard that after seeing Mr. UNK work it will be virtually impossible to deny the artistic validity and importance of the whole abstract movement . 
 And it is thought by many who think about such things that UNK is the logical culmination of a school that started with UNK , progressed through UNK and the UNK Picasso , and UNK just recently in Pollock and De UNK . 
 UNK defines his own art as `` the search for what is not there '' . 
 `` I paint the nothing '' , he said once to UNK UNK and myself , `` the nothing that is behind the something , the UNK , UNK ' UNK ' in the unconscious , the ' spirit ' of the moment resting forever , suspended like a huge balloon , in UNK '' . 
 It is his UNK and UNK adherence to this revolutionary artistic philosophy that has enabled him to paint such pictures as `` The UNK of Cuba '' . 
 In this work , his use of UNK is startling and skillful . 
 The sweep of space , the delicate UNK of the white masses , the over-all completeness and unity , the originality and imagination , all entitle it to be called an authentic masterpiece . 
 I asked UNK recently how he accomplished this , and he replied that he had painted his model `` a beautiful shade of red and then had her breathe on the canvas '' , which was his typical UNK way of UNK me for my lack of sensitivity . 
 Dear UNK : Let me begin by clearing up any possible misconception in your minds , wherever you are . 
 The collective by which I address you in the title above is neither UNK nor UNK but an exact industrial term in use among professional thieves . 
 It is , I am UNK given to understand , the technical UNK for those who engage in your particular branch of the boost ; ; 
 i.e. , UNK who UNK while the tenants are absent , in contrast to UNK UNK , those who work while the occupants are home . 
 Since the latter obviously require an UNK you do not possess , you may perhaps suppose that I am UNK you as socially inferior . 
 Far from it ; ; 
 I merely draw an UNK distinction , hoping that specialists and busy people like you will welcome such precision in a UNK . 
 Above all , UNK yourselves of any thought that I propose to vent moral indignation at your UNK my residence , to UNK over the loss of a few UNK UNK , or to shame you into UNK . 
 My object , rather , is to alert you to an aspect or two of the affair that could have the gravest implications for you , far beyond the legal sanctions society might inflict . 
 You have unwittingly set in motion forces so UNK , so UNK , that it would be downright inhumane of me not to warn you about them . 
 Quite UNK , fellows , I wouldn't be in your shoes for all the rice in China . 
 As you've doubtless forgotten the circumstances in the press of more recent UNK , permit me to UNK them briefly . 
 UNK on Saturday evening , August UNK , while my family and I were dining at the UNK UNK UNK , in Rome , you UNK a window of our home in UNK County , Pennsylvania , and let yourselves into the premises . 
 UNK to the attic , the temperature of which was easily hotter than the Gold Coast , you proceeded to mask the windows with a fancy wool UNK , some UNK pants , and the like , and to UNK the innumerable boxes and barrels stored there . 
 What you were looking for ( unless you make a hobby of collecting old tennis UNK and fly screens ) UNK me , but to judge from UNK records scattered about a UNK UNK . 
 You danced two UNK and a UNK UNK , which must have been fairly UNK in that milieu . 
 You then descended one story , UNK a television set from the music room -- the only constructive feature of your visit , by the way -- and , returning to the ground floor , entered the master bedroom . 
 From the UNK cabinet on its south wall and the UNK beneath , you UNK seventeen ivory , metal , wood , and stone sculptures of Oriental and African origin , two UNK , and a UNK UNK glass . 
 UNK through a stack of drawers nearby , you UNK an antique French UNK set in ivory and UNK , which , along with two box UNK , you added to your haul . 
 Then , having wrapped the lot in an UNK my dog customarily slept on , you UNK out the front door , UNK leaving it open for neighbors to discover . 
 So much for the UNK facts , as familiar to you , I'm sure , as to the UNK and state troopers who followed in your wake . 
 The foregoing , aided by several clues I'll UNK to keep you on your toes , will pursue you with a tenacity worthy of Inspector UNK , but before they close in , UNK yourselves , I repeat , for a vengeance UNK more UNK . 
 UNK of the sculptures you took possess properties of a most curious and terrifying nature , as you will observe when your limbs begin to UNK and your hair falls out in patches . 
 In time , these minor manifestations will multiply and UNK , UNK you with UNK , the king's evil , sheep rot , and UNK UNK , until your very existence becomes a burden and you cry out for release . 
 All this , though , is simply a UNK , a UNK , for what UNK , and I doubt whether any UNK could accurately forecast it . 
 If , however , it would help to intensify your anguish , I can UNK the powers of a few of the UNK you've UNK and describe the punishment they UNK out in one analogous instance . 
 Hold on tight . 
 First of all , the six figures of the Buddha you UNK -- four Siamese heads , a black UNK UNK in the UNK position , and a large brass figure of the UNK Buddha on a UNK base . 
 Now , you probably share the widespread Western belief that the Lord Buddha is the most UNK of the gods , much more so than UNK and UNK and the rest . 
 UNK up -- don't you ? ? 
 Well , ordinarily he is , except ( as the UNK of the Law specifies ) toward UNK folk who steal , disturb , or UNK the UNK . 
 Very peculiar retribution indeed seems to UNK such UNK . 
 Eight or ten years ago , a couple of French UNK stole a priceless UNK head from the UNK UNK , in Paris , and a week later crawled into the UNK with unmistakable symptoms of UNK . 
 UNK own amount of UNK oil did nothing to alleviate their torment ; ; 
 they expired amid indescribable UNK , UNK the Blessed One to forgive their UNK . 
 Any reputable French UNK can supply you with a dozen similar instances , and I'll presently UNK a case out of my own personal experience , but , for the moment , let's resume our catalogue . 
 Whether the pair of UNK ivory UNK you lifted really possess the UNK to turn your UNK to lead , as a dealer in UNK assured me , I am not competent to say . 
 Likewise the ivory Chinese female figure known as a `` doctor lady '' ( UNK UNK ) ; ; 
 a friend of mine removing her from the UNK cabinet for inspection was UNK as if by a hammer , but he had previously drunk a quantity of UNK . 
 The three Indian brass UNK , though -- UNK , UNK , and UNK -- are an altogether different cup of tea . 
 They hail from UNK , a state in the UNK where UNK , the UNK of death , is UNK . 
 Have you ever heard of UNK ? ? 
 UNK UNK . 
 But it is the wooden sculpture from UNK , the one representing two men with their heads bent backward and their bodies interlaced by a fish , that I particularly call to your attention . 
 UNK enough , this is an UNK against UNK , presented to the UNK and me by a local UNK in 1949 . 
 UNK around its base is a charm in UNK , a dialect I take it you don't comprehend . 
 Neither do I , but the UNK UNK was good enough to translate , and I'll do as much for you . 
 UNK UNK our UNK , the legend states , can expect UNK sorrow . 
 The teeth will rain from his mouth like UNK , his wife will make him UNK with UNK , and a trolley car will grow in his stomach . 
 Furthermore -- and this , to me , strikes an especially warming note -- it shall avail the UNK UNK to throw away or dispose of their UNK . 
 The cycle of disaster starts the moment they touch any belonging of ours , and dogs them unto the UNK generation . 
 UNK of UNK , isn't it ? ? 
 Still , there it is . 
 Now , you no doubt regard the preceding as UNK ; ; 
 you're tooling around full of gage in your hot rods , UNK yourselves on UNK and playing UNK in the taverns and generally behaving like UNK . 
 In that case , listen to what UNK another UNK who tangled with our UNK . 
 A couple of years back , I occupied a Village apartment whose outer staircase contained the type of UNK called a `` coffin turn '' . 
 In it was a stone UNK Buddha I had picked up in UNK , and occasionally , to make merit , my wife and I UNK it with flowers or laid a few pennies in its lap . 
 After a while , we became aware that the money was disappearing as fast as we UNK it . 
 Our suspicions eventually centered , by the process of elimination , on a UNK boy , a thoroughly bad hat , who delivered UNK to the people overhead . 
 The more I UNK into this young man's activities and character , the less UNK I found him . 
 I learned , for example , that he made a practice of UNK at dogs he encountered and , in winter , of sprinkling salt on the icy pavement to UNK their feet . 
 His energy was prodigious ; ; 
 sometimes he would be up before dawn , clad as a garbage collector and hurling pails into UNK to UNK us , and thereafter would hurry to the Bronx UNK to UNK at the lions and press cigar butts against their UNK . 
 UNK , he was frequently to be seen at restaurants like UNK & UNK or Peter's UNK drunkenly UNK ladies' hats and singing `` O UNK UNK '' . 
 In short , and to borrow an UNK phrase , UNK timber . 
 Well , the UNK little toad went along UNK animals and humans who couldn't UNK , and in due course , as was inevitable , UNK himself . 
 One morning , we discovered not only that the pennies were missing from the idol but that a cigarette had been UNK out in its lap . 
 `` Now he's bought it '' , said my wife UNK . 
 `` No UNK will hold still for that . 
 He's really asking for it '' . 
 And how right she was . 
 The next time we saw him , he was a changed person ; ; 
 he had aged thirty years , and his face , the color of UNK , was UNK with wrinkles , as though it had been wrapped in chicken wire . 
 Some sort of nemesis was haunting his footsteps , he told us in a UNK voice -- either an UNK UNK or UNK UNK , a UNK , we couldn't determine which . 
 His eyes had the same dreadful rigid stare as Dr. UNK UNK when he was found before his open safe wearing the UNK band . 
 The grocery the youth worked for soon tired of his depressing effect on customers , most of whom were sufficiently neurotic without the threat of UNK , and let him go . 
 The beautiful , the satisfying part of his disintegration , however , was the UNK way the Buddha polished him off . 
 UNK to UNK , he at last got a job as office boy to a television producer . 
 His UNK , deficiency of taste , and UNK carried him UNK to the top . 
 He evolved programs that UNK new depths of UNK and UNK whole networks , and quickly superseded his boss . 
 Not long ago , I rode down with him in an elevator in Radio City ; ; 
 he was talking to himself thirteen to the dozen and smoking two UNK at once , clearly a man in UNK . 
 `` See that guy '' ? ? 
 The operator asked UNK . 
 `` I wouldn't be in his shoes for all the rice in China . 
 There's some kind of a nemesis haunting his footsteps '' . 
 However one looks at it , therefore , I'd say that your UNK for this autumn is the reverse of rosy . 
 The inventory you acquired from me isn't going to be easy to move ; ; 
 you can't very well UNK up to people on the street and ask if they want to buy a hot UNK . 
 UNK , since you're going to be UNK de combat pretty soon with UNK , UNK , Delhi boil , the UNK UNK , liver UNK , UNK , and a host of other complications of the UNK you've aroused , you mustn't expect to be UNK socially . 
 My advice , if you live long enough to continue your UNK , is that the next time you're attracted by the exotic , pass it up -- it's nothing but a headache . 
 As you can count on me to do the same . 
 UNK yours , 
 S. J. UNK 
 revulsion in the desert 
 the doors of the D train slid shut , and as I dropped into a seat and , UNK , looked up across the aisle , the whole UNK in my head burst into song . 
 She was a living doll and no mistake -- the UNK bang , the wide cheekbones , UNK , that betrayed the UNK strain in her UNK UNK , and the mouth whose only fault , in the UNK UNK phrase , was that the lower lip was a trifle too UNK . 
 From what I was able to gauge in a swift , greedy glance , the figure inside the UNK UNK dress was UNK . 
